
# Basic Info
- This report was automatically generated by **gemini-2.5-flash-preview-04-17** at **2025-05-30 00:26:52**.  
- It includes the recent tenure tracked position in engineering related field from Google, LinkedIn and Indeed.  
- This page is powered by [ArxivSummaryDaily](https://github.com/dong-zehao/ArxivSummaryDaily) and [JobSpy](https://github.com/speedyapply/JobSpy).
---

job 1：
title: Associate/Full Professor (Tenure Track) and Program Director - Speech Language Pathology (25-26)
school: DePaul University
location: Chicago, IL, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: **Full\-time Faculty Positions**

  

Full\-time faculty positions will be posted on a per\-opening basis. Postings are organized by college/school and department. Applicants will be evaluated at the college/school level for the position which they are submitting an application. Unless noted by a close date, positions will remain open until they are filled. Qualified applicants are encouraged to apply.


Below you will find the details for the posting including any supplementary documentation and questions you should review before applying for the opening or submitting your interest in teaching. To apply for the position, please click the link/button.

  


Posting Details


**Job ID:** 156063


**Rank:** Associate/Full Professor
**College/School:** Chicago, IL \- College of Science and Health


**Position Description:**
DePaul University seeks a dynamic and team\-oriented leader to serve as the **Program Director** of the Master of Science Speech\-Language Pathology program. This exciting opportunity offers a unique chance to shape the future of the program and contribute to DePaul University’s mission of academic excellence and social justice.



The Program Director will be responsible for the overall leadership and management of the Program, ensuring compliance with all Council on Academic Accreditation in Audiology and Speech Language Pathology (CAA) and advancing the program's reputation for excellence in teaching, scholarship, service, and clinical education. The Program Director will collaborate with and have the support of a strong faculty, including the Director of Clinical Education and the Coordinator of Clinical Operations.



This is a 12\-month appointment at the Associate or Full Professor rank, with tenure consideration in accordance with university policies and procedures. The offer will include both a faculty position and a separate compensation package for the leadership appointment as program director.



DePaul University proudly serves the diverse city of Chicago. Applicants who have experience working with a diverse range of faculty, staff, and students, and who can contribute to an inclusive climate are encouraged to identify their experiences in these areas. Women and members of historically underrepresented groups are especially encouraged to apply.


**Key Responsibilities:**


* **Strategic Leadership**: Oversee and implement a strategic vision and plan for the program, aligning with the goals of the Program and DePaul University. This includes fostering a collaborative and inclusive environment where faculty, staff, and students work together effectively to achieve shared goals. The Program Director will lead and motivate the program team, ensuring clear communication, shared decision\-making, and a positive and productive work environment.
* **Academic Excellence**: Foster a student\-centered learning environment that cultivates critical thinking, problem\-solving, and clinical reasoning skills in students. Implement innovative teaching methods and resources to enhance the student learning experience and prepare graduates for successful careers in the field.
* **Clinical Education**: Ensure the rightful access of services for the diverse societal, economic, and cultural community of the Chicagoland area.
* **Accreditation and Compliance**: Ensure compliance with all CAA accreditation standards for program accreditation.
* **Faculty Development**: Create a supportive environment for both tenure\-track and non\-tenure\-track faculty, fostering collaboration and professional growth. Guide faculty in advancing research, securing external funding, and fostering interprofessional collaboration.
* **Resource Management**: Manage program resources effectively, including budget, personnel, and facilities.
* **Community Engagement**: Cultivate partnerships with professional organizations, community agencies, and other stakeholders outside of the University.


**About the College of Science and Health**  

The College of Science and Health is the third largest college at DePaul, enrolling over 3,000 students. The college includes programs in the natural and health sciences, including nursing and a developing Occupational Therapy program. The College of Science and Health provides high quality, personalized, accessible science and health education to a diverse student body, grounded in the values of St. Vincent de Paul. Our teaching and research advance knowledge and service to society.


**About DePaul University**  

With an overall enrollment of over 21,000 students, DePaul is the nation’s twelfth largest private non\-profit university. While the university is large, the class size in the department typically does not exceed 40 students. We seek candidates with a demonstrated record of effectiveness as the instructor for a variety of courses or teaching environments, ability to teach graduate\-level courses, and a demonstrated commitment to continued development as an educator.


**Qualifications:**
**Required Qualifications:**


* Earned doctorate (PhD or Ed. D) in Speech Language Pathology, Communication Sciences and Disorders or a related field.
* Minimum of five years of experience in higher education, with a strong understanding of CAA accreditation standards and best practices in teaching and in program administration.
* Demonstrated experience in program leadership, including curriculum development, faculty supervision, and student education and mentorship.
* Strong interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to build and maintain collaborative relationships with faculty, staff, students, and stakeholders.
* Experience working with diverse student populations and a commitment to creating an inclusive and equitable learning environment.
* A strong understanding of the evolving needs of the speech\-language pathology field and the importance of preparing students to serve diverse populations.
* Clinical supervision experience and experience providing clinical services to diverse populations.
* Licensure, or eligible for licensure, from the State of Illinois.


**Preferred Qualifications:**


* Experience in program development and assessment.
* Demonstrated experience in fostering a culture of scholarship and research within an academic setting.
* Demonstrated success in securing external funding for research or program initiatives
* Familiarity with innovative teaching methods, including technology enhanced learning
* Current Certificate of Clinical Competence (CCC) by the American Speech\-Language\-Hearing Association (ASHA).

**Application Instructions:**
The full and complete application should contain the following:


* A letter of application indicating qualifications for the position
* A curriculum vitae
* Copy of transcripts
* A personal philosophy statement about integrating diversity, equity, and inclusion in your work as a SLP and as a faculty member.
* Teaching philosophy statement
* Copies of teaching evaluations (optional)
* Research agenda
* Contact information for at least three professional references. References will be contacted through Interfolio to upload reference letters.


Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled. Candidates will not be considered until all the above materials are received. Applications submitted by **April 15th** will receive priority consideration.



For further questions about this position, please contact Kelly Gillespie at kelly.gillespie@depaul.edu.


**Considerations:**  

An incumbent who serves as Program Director would receive additional compensation, in the form of a fiscal year stipend, ranging from $15,000 \- $20,000 for each year served. The program director also typically receives 3\-4 teaching release during each year of service as director.


**General Compensation/Benefits Statement:**  

DePaul University has provided a compensation range that represents its good faith estimate of what the University may pay for the position at the time of posting. The salary offered to the selected candidate will be determined based on factors such as (but not limited to) the qualifications, education, experience, and training of the selected candidate, the scope and responsibilities of the position, departmental budget availability, internal salary equity considerations, and available market information.



DePaul University offers excellent benefits, including medical, dental, retirement, paid time off, and tuition benefit. Further information regarding benefits can be found here: https://offices.depaul.edu/human\-resources/benefits/Pages/default.aspx.


**About DePaul University's Academic Calendar:**  

Except for the College of Law, DePaul University operates on a quarter system. Classes in Autumn, Winter, and Spring quarters are 11 weeks in length (including finals week) and Summer courses, in two sessions, are typically 5 weeks in length. The College of Law operates on the semester system. Classes in the Fall and Spring semesters are 16 weeks in length (including finals week) and it offers a Summer Session of 7 weeks (including final exams).

  


  

**Salary Information:** The salary range for this 12\-month position is $109,000 \- $119,999 at the Associate Professor level and $120,000 \- $130,000 at the Full Professor level, commensurate with qualifications and experience.
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=2ca7ade76eca71a0
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 2：
title: Assistant Professor of Korean Studies
school: University of Wisconsin–Madison
location: Madison, WI, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: ### **Job Summary:**


The Department of Asian Languages \& Cultures seeks applicants for a tenure\-track faculty position at the rank of Assistant Professor in Korean Studies to begin in August 2025\.
  

  

The successful candidate will advance the educational mission of the College of Letters \& Science, that values, prioritizes, and actualizes evidence\-based and student\-centered teaching and (undergraduate student) mentoring. They will contribute to an inclusive, fair, and equitable environment that fosters engagement and a sense of belonging for faculty, staff, students and members of the broader community.


### **Responsibilities:**


The candidate will be expected to conduct significant scholarly research leading to publication at the national and international levels. The successful candidate will be expected to teach undergraduate and graduate courses, with a general teaching load of two courses per semester. Mentoring of undergraduate and graduate students is expected. Professional and university service is required as appropriate for the career stage.
  

  

The successful candidate, as a member of the College of L\&S, will proactively contribute to, support, and advance the college's commitment to equity among all aspects of their teaching, mentoring, research, and service.


### **Institutional Statement on Diversity:**


Diversity is a source of strength, creativity, and innovation for UW\-Madison. We value the contributions of each person and respect the profound ways their identity, culture, background, experience, status, abilities, and opinion enrich the university community. We commit ourselves to the pursuit of excellence in teaching, research, outreach, and diversity as inextricably linked goals.  

  

The University of Wisconsin\-Madison fulfills its public mission by creating a welcoming and inclusive community for people from every background \- people who as students, faculty, and staff serve Wisconsin and the world.

  

### **Education:**


Required  

PhD  

Ph.D. in Asian Studies or related field with a specialization in Korean Studies. Degree should be in hand by the start of the appointment.


### **Qualifications:**


Candidates for this position must have expertise in the humanities or qualitative social sciences with a specialization in Korean Studies and be fluent in Korean. The successful candidate will have demonstrated excellence in teaching at the university level, including a demonstrated commitment to teaching large\-enrollment and thematically broad undergraduate courses. Candidates for the position must show potential for developing outstanding and highly visible scholarly research focused on Korean Studies.  

  

The successful candidate will demonstrate experience with fostering or the ability to foster an inclusive and equity\-centered teaching, learning, departmental, and research environment where all can thrive.


### **Work Type:**


Full Time: 100%  

  

It is anticipated this position requires work be performed in\-person, onsite, at a designated campus work location.


### **Appointment Type, Duration:**


Ongoing/Renewable


### **Anticipated Begin Date:**


JULY 05, 2025


### **Salary:**


Negotiable
  

ACADEMIC (9 months)


### **Additional Information:**


A competitive recruitment and selection process was conducted for this employment opportunity and a U.S. worker was not selected. An application for Alien Employment Certification is being filed on behalf of an alien to fill the employment opportunity. Anyone with documentary evidence relative to the application, or available workers, wages and/or working conditions, may contact the Regional Certifying Office of the Department of Labor at the following address:  

  

U.S Department of Labor
  

Employment and Training Administration
  

Office of Foreign Labor Certification
  

200 Constitution Avenue, NW Room N\-5311  

Washington, DC 20210


### **How to Apply:**


The position has been filled. This posting is mandatory to meet a United States Department of Labor requirement. See the job posting for more details.


### **Contact:**


Charo D'Etcheverry  

cdetcheverry@wisc.edu  

608\-262\-2291  

Relay Access (WTRS): 7\-1\-1\. See RELAY\_SERVICE for further information.


### **Official Title:**


Assistant Professor(FA040\)


### **Department(s):**


A48\-COL OF LETTERS \& SCIENCE/ASIAN LANGUAGES \& CULTURES


### **Employment Class:**


Faculty


### **Job Number:**


316087\-FA

  

### **The University of Wisconsin\-Madison is an Equal Opportunity Employer.**


Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, including but not limited to, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, pregnancy, disability, or status as a protected veteran and other bases as defined by federal regulations and UW System policies. We promote excellence by acknowledging skills and expertise from all backgrounds and encourage all qualified individuals to apply.  

  

To request a disability or pregnancy\-related accommodation for any step in the hiring process (e.g., application, interview, pre\-employment testing, etc.), please contact the Division Disability Representative (DDR) in the division you are applying to. Please make your request as soon as possible to help the university respond most effectively to you.  

  

Employment may require a criminal background check. It may also require you and your references to answer questions regarding sexual violence and sexual harassment.  

  

The University of Wisconsin System will not reveal the identities of applicants who request confidentiality in writing, except that the identity of the successful candidate will be released. See Wis. Stat. sec. 19\.36(7\).  

  

The Annual Security and Fire Safety Report contains current campus safety and disciplinary policies, crime statistics for the previous 3 calendar years, and on\-campus student housing fire safety policies and fire statistics for the previous 3 calendar years. UW\-Madison will provide a paper copy upon request; please contact the University of Wisconsin Police Department.
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c742186396fd8127
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 3：
title: Assistant/Associate Professor of Safety Science
school: Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University
location: Prescott, AZ, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: Job Description*Discover Your Future with Embry\-Riddle Aeronautical University!*  

Embry\-Riddle: A Global Leader in Aviation and Aerospace  

With vibrant campuses in Daytona Beach, FL and Prescott, AZ, plus a Worldwide network across approximately 120 locations, Embry\-Riddle stands as the world’s largest aviation and aerospace university. For over 95 years, we've been pioneering education in STEM fields, serving over 11,600 residential students and 19,200 globally in the 2023\-24 academic year with cutting\-edge programs in Applied Science, Aviation, Business, Technology, Engineering, Safety, Security, and Space.  

To complete a virtual tour of the Prescott campus and check out Prescott Campus Future Flythrough, please visit the links below:* https://prescott.erau.edu/admissions/tour\-details
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\=rQeMUHG4AU4


Perks Await You at Embry\-Riddle!* Generous Time Off: Enjoy 9\+ paid holidays, including the day after Thanksgiving and the week between Christmas Eve and New Year’s Day.
* Health Benefits: Experience comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage, along with wellness programs that include preventive care and fitness memberships. Our flexible spending and health savings accounts simplify managing healthcare costs. Join a workplace that prioritizes your health—because your journey to wellness should be rewarding! Buckle up for a healthier, happier you!
* Tuition Coverage: Get 100% tuition coverage for yourself for one undergraduate and one graduate degree, and discounted rates for your spouse and dependent children up to age 26\.
* Retirement Contributions: ERAU contributes 6% of your base salary to your retirement plan and offers a 4% matching contribution – with no vesting period.

*Embry\-Riddle Aeronautical University recognizes the value of diversity and is dedicated to fostering a positive climate in which all students, faculty, and staff are encouraged in their professional, social, and intellectual pursuits. Embry\-Riddle is committed to providing* *equal employment opportunity* *and affirmative action for qualified individuals. The University does not tolerate discrimination on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, gender identity, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law.*  

Opportunity:*Join the Aviation and Aerospace vanguard!*
Step into a dynamic role with Embry Riddle Aeronautical University, where innovation meets opportunity. Be part of a leading institution that’s at the forefront of aviation, aerospace, and STEM education. We offer an exciting environment, cutting\-edge projects, and the chance to influence tomorrow. Ready to make a difference? Take flight with Embry\-Riddle and explore this diverse career opportunity today.
The Department of Safety Science at Embry\-Riddle Aeronautical University in Prescott is seeking a full\-time faculty member to fill an Assistant/Associate Professor of Safety Science (non\-tenure track) position in the College of Aviation. This position primarily focuses on teaching undergraduate and graduate courses in aviation safety. This position's expected start date is August 11, 2025\.
This is a teaching\-focused position with a general expectation of teaching 4 sections per semester in the fall and spring semesters; additional summer teaching opportunities may be available. This position has minimal research expectations, although opportunities for research may be available. Non\-tenure track faculty members at Embry\-Riddle are eligible for future promotion based on job performance and length of service.
The Safety Science Department at Embry\-Riddle Aeronautical University, Prescott, serves students at the BS and MS levels and is housed in the College of Aviation. The department features undergraduate and graduate education in aviation and occupational safety, supporting aviation safety minors and an MS in Safety Science. The department facilities include the Robertson Aircraft Accident Investigation Lab, Aviation Safety and Security Archives, Ergonomics Lab, and Industrial Hygiene Lab.
Qualifications
The successful candidate will have a strong desire to focus on innovative and high\-quality instruction in a collegial and collaborative environment and will hold a PhD in Aviation, Safety, or a closely related field; candidates with an MS in related disciplines with significant industry experience may be considered.
The successful candidate will deliver high\-quality instruction, demonstrate teaching excellence, and engage in activities to enrich the academic experience and advance the field of aviation safety. Additionally, the position requires active participation in the Safety Science Department and University through service and collaborative initiatives. The successful candidate is expected to be capable of teaching a variety of undergraduate and graduate courses in safety sciences. Particular areas of interest include: safety management, safety ethics, accident investigation, and quantitative methods.
Priority will be given to applications received by 6/12/2025 and review of applications will continue until the position is filled. Please include all relevant materials to your online application. Complete submissions include the following:
1\) Current CV  

2\) Detailed cover letter discussing experience, academic qualifications, and background that demonstrate strong alignment with the position
Selected candidates will be required to provide three professional references as part of the review process.
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7a154d7723c8e1f2
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 4：
title: Visiting Instructor or Visiting Assistant Teaching Professor
school: The University of Southern MIssissippi
location: Hattiesburg, MS, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: The University of Southern Mississippi invites applications for a full\-time, five\-month, non\-renewable non\-tenure\-track faculty position of Visiting Instructor or Visiting Assistant Teaching Professor of Mathematics in the School of Mathematics and Natural Sciences in the College of Arts and Sciences to begin in August 2025\. The position is oriented towards effective undergraduate instruction and there is no research requirement.  

  

**Primary Duties and Responsibilities**

  

* Teach 12 semester credit hours per semester
* Curriculum Development
* Service commensurate with expectations of all faculty
* Performs other duties as assigned.

  


**Minimum Qualifications**  

Master’s Degree (for appointment at the rank of Visiting Instructor) or Doctorate (for appointment at the rank of Visiting Assistant Teaching Professor) in Mathematics, Mathematics Education or related field with at least 18 graduate credit hours in Mathematics. Ability to engage in effective teaching.  

  

  

  

  

**Knowledge, Skills \& Abilities*** Ability to articulate concepts and instructions effectively to students.
* Capacity to build positive and professional relationships with students and colleagues.
* Skill in managing course materials, time, and administrative tasks like grading.
* Familiarity with standard software for communication and potentially online learning platforms.

Ability to pay attention to detail, which is necessary for accurate grading, lab safety adherence, and following procedures.  
* 

**Preferred Qualifications**  

Experience teaching introductory mathematics or mathematics education courses at the college level. Experience teaching online courses. Experience mentoring mathematics education students. Experience with recruitment.

**About The University of Southern Mississippi**
  

Since our founding in 1910, The University of Southern Mississippi has remained dedicated to preparing students for success. We deliver programs to more than 13,000 students in Hattiesburg and Long Beach, at teaching and research sites across the Mississippi Gulf Coast, as well as online. We are a community\-engaged Carnegie R1 university, earning distinction as one of the nation's leading research institutions.  

  

Southern Miss is known for pioneering work in polymer science, ocean science, spectator sports safety and security, and bringing language to children with communication disorders. We are also a national leader in a broad range of disciplines, including cybersecurity, hydrography, nutrition, aquaculture, kinesiology, and economic development, among others.
  

  

We produce graduates ready to enter fields that are leading the way in emerging technologies through programs such as computer engineering, information technology, and ocean engineering. We’re developing the next generation of business leaders, while also responding to critical workforce shortages by producing skilled professionals in education and nursing. With a tradition of excellence in the arts, we are one of only 36 public institutions in the nation accredited in four major areas of the arts. Home to the Golden Eagles, our student\-athletes compete in 17 NCAA Division I sports. With a culture marked by passion and persistence, Southern Miss is delivering graduates who are ready for life. For more information, visit www.usm.edu.



As an Affirmative Action/Equal Employment Opportunity employer/Americans with Disabilities Act institution, The University of Southern Mississippi encourages minorities, women, veterans and persons with disabilities to apply.
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=58c61d689366545d
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 5：
title: Assistant, Associate or Professor in Plastic Surgery - Hand
school: University of Kentucky
location: Lexington, KY, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: Posting Details
**Job Title** Assistant, Associate or Professor in Plastic Surgery \- Hand
  

**Requisition Number** FE04534
  

**Working Title**
  

**Department Name** 7H858:SURGERY/PLASTIC
  

**Work Location** Lexington, KY
  

**Type of Position** Faculty
  

**Position Time Status** Full\-Time
  

**Tenure Track Status** Non\-Tenure Track
  

**Required Education**
M.D or equivalent
  

**Required Related Experience**
Completion of residency and a Hand Fellowship
  

**Required License/Registration/Certification**
Board Eligible/Board Certified in Plastic Surgery, eligible for Subspecialty Certificate in Surgery of the Hand (SOTH)  

  

Current, or eligibility to obtain, medical licensure in the state of Kentucky
  

**Job Summary**
The Division of Plastic Surgery at the University of Kentucky, College of Medicine is seeking a full time Hand and microvascular surgeon to join its academic faculty. All ranks will be considered. The faculty member will have the opportunity to teach residents, engage in research, and participate in clinical program development. Specific area of focus will primarily be Hand Surgery, but micro\-breast reconstruction, lymphedema surgery, oncologic and traumatic reconstruction, and an aesthetic practice will also be available for the faculty member. All candidates must have completed a Hand Fellowship with eligibility for the Subspecialty Certificate in Surgery of the Hand (SOTH) and be either ABPS board certified or in the process of certification. We offer an academic career in an environment that promotes professional excellence. The ideal candidate will be board certified and possess superior technical skills. Research is an important component of our Division, with peer reviewed funding and over 20 major publications last year alone. The ideal candidate would be expected to bring, and further develop, national recognition to our program at the clinical, research, and educational levels.  

The University of Kentucky is the flagship university and healthcare center in Kentucky and was recently named the No. 1 Hospital in Kentucky by U.S. News \& World Report. Lexington is in the heart of the Bluegrass and rightfully is called the Horse Capital of the World. It is surrounded by beautiful landscape and lovely horse farms. The University plays a major role in commerce and cultural enhancement. It is a little over an hour drive from Louisville and Cincinnati and is a vibrant city with many cultural and recreational opportunities all year round. It has a high\-quality school system and is a wonderful place to raise a family. We offer a competitive salary and a full array of benefits. Rank and compensation will be commensurate with experience and achievement. UK HealthCare has grown to a 920\-bed healthcare complex with 39,000 discharges per year.  

  

The successful candidate will join a thriving and expanding division. The Division of Plastic Surgery faculty is comprised of 7 board certified surgeons, each of whom has interests and expertise that reflects the increasingly specialized field of surgery. The Division has active clinical interests in the areas of microvascular, Hand, and Craniofacial Surgery. The Hand Center is a collaborative venture between the Department of Orthopedic Surgery and Plastic Surgery. Patient visits are approaching 12,000 per year and Hand Therapy is embedded into the clinic with over 1,000 visits per month. All aspects of hand surgery are addressed, including trauma, congenital, rheumatoid, and reconstructive surgery. The governance of the Division of Plastic Surgery is under Departmental leadership (Barry Inabnet, MD), which allows synergism between divisions and a robust environment for our residency program, a 6\-year integrated residency program with two new residents added annually. We have one Hand Fellow per year under the guidance of the Plastic Surgery RRC. The hand fellow rotates among the faculty members of Orthopedic hand and Plastic Surgery Hand trained physicians.  

Upon offer of employment, the successful applicant for this position must pass a pre\-employment drug screen and undergo a national background check as required by University of Kentucky Human Resources. The University of Kentucky is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  

This posting will remain open until the appropriate individual is recruited. Applicants should apply via the UK Jobs site and include an up to date curriculum vitae, letter of interest with career objectives. For questions about this position, please contact:  

**David B. Drake, MD,** **FACS**
Chief, Division of Plastic Surgery
University of Kentucky
PHONE: 859\-323\-7505
FAX: 859\-323\-3823**david.drake@uky.edu**
  

**Skills / Knowledge / Abilities**
  

**Does this position have supervisory responsibilities?** No
  

**Preferred Education/Experience**
  

**Deadline to Apply**
  

**Open Until Filled** Yes
  

**Our University Community**
We value the well\-being of each of our employees and are dedicated to creating a healthy place for everyone to work, learn and live. In the interest of maintaining a safe and healthy environment for our students, employees, patients and visitors the University of Kentucky is a Tobacco \& Drug Free campus.  

  

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we strongly encourage veterans, individuals with disabilities, women, and all minorities to consider our employment opportunities.  

  

Any candidate offered a position may be required to pass pre\-employment screenings as mandated by University of Kentucky Human Resources. These screenings may include a national background check and/or drug screen.
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3c39f7c8c39b8ea4
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 6：
title: Professor of Trauma and Acute Care Surgery
school: Augusta University
location: Augusta, GA, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: * 


**Job Summary**
---------------



Job ID 286176


Position \# 40073330


The Medical College of Georgia, Department of Surgery, Division of Trauma/Surgical Critical Care and Acute Care Surgery, at Augusta University is seeking a part\-time faculty member at the rank of Professor. Augusta University is a thriving integrated academic medical center with a Level 1 Trauma Center. We average 3000 trauma activations, 1800 trauma admissions and 1200 General Surgery operations per year. We have an 18% penetrating trauma volume. We have a vibrant surgical residency, advanced practice providers and two surgical critical care fellows per year. We cover Trauma, the Trauma and Surgical Intensive care units (the latter shared with Anesthesia), Emergency General Surgery, as well as Elective General Surgery cases at Augusta State Medical Prison. We are particularly interested in candidates interested in building an elective general surgical practice, which can be facilitated by an ambulatory surgery center. The tenure status will be determined based on the qualifications of the final candidate and will be confirmed in the final offer along with position expectations. Please see Augusta University Promotion and Tenure Guidelines in Required Qualifications.


**Responsibilities**
--------------------



Develop clinical practice in the field of Trauma/Surgical Critical Care and Acute Care Surgery.


Increase clinic visits and increase surgical volumes related to Trauma/Surgical Critical Care and Acute Care Surgery.


Participate in the call schedule with the Divisions of Trauma/Surgical Critical Care and Acute Care Surgery.


Teach and educate general surgery residents about Trauma/Surgical Critical Care and Acute Care Surgery.


**Required Qualifications**
---------------------------



MD/DO degree or equivalent; Candidate should be board eligible in general surgery and Trauma and Acute Care Surgery by the American Board of Surgery, with additional fellowship training in Trauma and Acute Care Surgery; 5 years of general surgery residency and an additional year of Trauma/Surgical Critical Care and Acute Care Surgery fellowship.


Professor\- Senior level career faculty member with at least five years at the rank of Associate Professor or comparable training, background, and experience.


Required faculty employment qualifications for all USG institutions and all academic ranks within these institutions shall be:

* Consistent with the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACSCOC)'s requirements for institutional accreditation;
* Evidence of ability as a teacher;
* Evidence of activity as a scholar and ability in all other duties assigned;
* Successful experience (which will necessarily be waived for those just entering the academic profession who meet all other requirements); and,
* Desirable personal qualities judged on the basis of personal interview, complete biographical data, and recommendations.
  


**Shift/Salary/Benefits**
-------------------------



This position is fiscal year based and works year\-round. Amount of time worked is based on work commitment.


The intended work commitment or full\-time equivalent (FTE) for this position is between 0\.5\-0\.74 FTE and is considered partially benefits eligible. The FTE will be determined at the time of hire after discussions during the interview process with the successful candidate. The selected candidate will select from a retirement plan and accrue leave at a prorated amount based on finalized FTE.


Professor\- Salary and compensation is commensurate with education, experience, and achievements. The salary is subject to availability of funds.


Benefits include 13 paid holidays, vacation leave, sick leave, and generous retirement plans.


Rank and salary are determined at the time of hire and are based on a variety of factors including but not limited to experience, education, credentials, specialty, training, etc. while also considering internal equity and market data.


Advancement through the faculty ranks at Augusta University is only through the annual Promotion and Tenure process in which faculty may apply if eligible (typically five\-year increments). For more information on ranks, please review the Augusta University Promotion and Tenure Website:


https://www.augusta.edu/faculty\-affairs/promotionandtenure.php


**College/Department Information**
----------------------------------



The Medical College of Georgia (MCG) is one of the nation's largest medical schools by class size, with 304 students per class. The MCG educational experience is anchored by the main campus in Augusta, with regional clinical campuses for third\- and fourth\-year students across the state, and two four\-year campuses located in Athens (in partnership with the University of Georgia) and in Savannah (in partnership with Georgia Southern University). MCG's expanding partnerships with physicians and hospitals across Georgia currently provide more than 350 sites where students can experience the full spectrum of medicine, from complex care hospitals to small\-town solo practices. MCG and its teaching hospitals also provide postgraduate education to approximately 575 residents and fellows in 50 different Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education\-approved programs. Our researchers and clinicians focus on what most impacts the health of Georgia's and America's children and adults, including cardiovascular biology and disease, cancer, neurosciences and behavioral sciences, public and preventive health, regenerative and reparative medicine, personalized medicine and genomics. Our physician faculty also share their expertise with physicians and patients at about 100 clinics and hospitals statewide.


**About Us**
------------



Augusta University is Georgia's innovation center for education and health care, training the next generation of innovators, leaders, and healthcare providers in classrooms and clinics on four campuses in Augusta and locations across the state. More than 10,500 students choose Augusta for educational opportunities at the center of Georgia's cybersecurity hub and experiential learning that blends arts and application, humanities, and the health sciences. Augusta is home to Georgia's only public academic health center, where groundbreaking research is creating a healthier, more prosperous Georgia, and world\-class clinicians are bringing the medicine of tomorrow to patient care today. Our mission and values https://www.augusta.edu/about/mission.php make Augusta University an institution like no other.

  

Augusta University's distinct characteristics in education and research include real\-world experiences and community engagement, as well as a culture of building community, corporate and government partnerships that address health, security, economic and societal concerns locally and across the state.

  

The University System of Georgia https://www.usg.edu/hr/orientation/welcome\_to\_the\_board\_of\_regents\_university\_system\_office is comprised of our 26 institutions of higher education and learning as well as the System Office. Our USG Statement of Core Values are Integrity, Excellence, Accountability, and Respect. These values serve as the foundation for all that we do as an organization, and each USG community member is responsible for demonstrating and upholding these standards. More details on the USG Statement of Core Values and Code of Conduct are available in USG Board Policy 8\.2\.18\.1\.2 and can be found online at https://www.usg.edu/policymanual/section8/C224/\#p8\.2\.18\_personnel\_conduct.

  

Additionally, USG supports Freedom of Expression as stated in Board Policy 6\.5 Freedom of Expression and Academic Freedom found online at https://www.usg.edu/policymanual/section6/C2653\.


**Location**
------------



Our Health Sciences Campus:


1120 15th Street, Augusta, GA 30912


**Conditions of Employment**
----------------------------



All selected candidates are required to successfully pass a Background Check review prior to starting with Augusta University.


If applicable for the specific position based on the duties: the candidate will also need to have a credit check completed for Positions of Trust and or approved departmental Purchase Card usage.


Motor vehicle reports are required for positions that are required to drive an Augusta University vehicle.


For Faculty Hires: Final candidates will be required to provide proof of completed academic degree(s) as well as post\-secondary coursework in the form of original transcript(s). Those candidates trained by a foreign institution will also be required to provide an educational/credential evaluation.


All employees are responsible for ensuring the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of sensitive \[patient, student, employee, financial, business, etc.] information by exercising sound judgment and adhering to cybersecurity and privacy policies during their employment and beyond.


**Equal Employment Opportunity**
--------------------------------



Augusta University is proud to be an equal opportunity employer welcoming applicants from underrepresented groups, including individuals with disabilities and veterans.

  


**How To Apply**
----------------


To be considered an applicant for this position, you must apply online at https://www.augusta.edu/hr/jobs/\#job\-portals.  

Please upload your Curriculum Vitae, Research Statement, Professional References, etc., as one document.
**Other Information**
---------------------



This position is also responsible for promoting a customer\-friendly environment and providing superior service to our patients, students, faculty, and employees. "Augusta University is a patient\-and family\-centered care institution, where employees partner every day with patients and families for success."


Augusta University is a tobacco\-free environment, and the use of any tobacco products on any part of the campus, both inside and outside, is strictly prohibited.
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=f135362245d0d801
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 7：
title: Assistant or Associate Professor (2 of 2)
school: NEOMED
location: Rootstown, OH, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: Position Information
**Position Title** Assistant or Associate Professor (2 of 2\)
  

**Position Type** Faculty
  

**Department** Pharmaceutical Sciences
  

**Full or Part Time** Full Time
  

**Pay Grade** Dependent on Rank
  

Position Summary Information
**Summary**
Full\-time tenure or non\-tenure track appointment at either the assistant or associate professor rank (based on credentials and professional experience) in Pharmaceutical Sciences with special emphasis in at least one of the following: Drug Discovery, Pharmaceutical or Medicinal Chemistry, Drug Delivery and Pharmaceutics. Successful candidates for the tenure\-track position will be expected to establish a funded, nationally recognized research program as well as teach primarily in several courses within the professional PharmD curriculum.
  

**Principal Functional Responsibilities**
**Teaching and Service:** Participate in pharmacy and graduate student education based on areas of expertise, contributing to direct teaching needs. Evaluating the success of teaching contributions may be based on student achievement, student evaluations, course/module director evaluations, and peer evaluations. Active participation on college and university committees will be required and assigned. Evaluating the success of service obligations will be based on level of participation and engagement in support of related activities. In addition, membership and participation in state and national professional organizations is strongly encouraged.
**Research:** Participate in scholarly activities and/or research focus areas as appropriate. Seek extramural funding opportunities, write and submit proposals, conduct collaborative scholarly inquiries. Maintain extramural funding and productivity, generate a percentage of base salary through extramural support. Publish quality papers. Evaluating the success of this research obligation will be based on efforts toward publication and grant success.  

  

**Other Duties:** Perform other duties as assigned.
  

**Qualifications**
Ph.D. or equivalent research\-based earned doctorate and postdoctoral or previous experience with government or industry in an area related to Pharmaceutical Sciences with emphasis on Pharmaceutical or Medicinal Chemistry, Drug Discovery, Drug Delivery and Pharmaceutics.
  

**Preferred Qualifications**
* Teaching Experience and Expertise: an educator with experience in curriculum and course development and implementation. Contribute to the teaching and research missions of the College of Pharmacy. Successful candidates should be interested in educational innovation and up to date on contemporary educational approaches as well as being open to new educational approaches.
* Research and Scholarship: Track record of research/scholarship. Able contribute to the research/scholarship mission of the college and able to mentor students, fellows, and faculty as appropriate.
* Collaborative: Can work collaboratively with administrators, faculty, staff, and students at the college and the university.
* Humanistic Environment: Committed to building a humanistic culture/climate within the college and to fostering student success.


  

**Physical Requirements**
Must be able to utilize a phone, computer and other office equipment.  


  

**Department Specific Information**
Teaching Effort: 40\-50% with the ability to increase the teaching effort for non\-tenure track faculty position. Contribute to curriculum development and delivery in the subspecialty area of medicinal chemistry, drug discovery, pharmaceutics and drug delivery**.** Teaching duties may include preparation and presentation of teaching/learning experiences, class materials and examinations in assigned courses; and monitoring and maintaining records of student progress in assigned courses. Act as an advisor to graduate and mentor pharmacy students in both the classroom and laboratory.
Research Effort: 40\-50% with the ability to reduce the research effort distribution for the non\-tenure track faculty position. Preference will be given to research in broadly defined specialty areas that could include one of the following: pharmaceutical or medicinal chemistry, drug discovery, computational chemistry, molecular modeling, virtual screening, drug target interaction, drug development, pharmaceutics and drug delivery. Current research interests within the Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences include neurodegenerative diseases such as Parkinson disease, Alzheimer disease, glaucoma, traumatic brain injury, metabolic diseases and cancer as well as drug delivery and development.
Service Effort: 10% Participate in department, College and/or University service responsibilities. Maintains focus on service excellence in all relationships with colleagues, students and NEOMED guests; views all interactions as a potential opportunity for demonstrating NEOMED’s focus on serving others. Service contributions may also include participation in professional organizations.
Other Duties: Perform other duties as assigned.
Key Skills, Knowledge and Personal Characteristics: A commitment to academic excellence; advanced knowledge in one of the specialty areas, excellent interpersonal, oral, and written communications skills; understanding of professional interdisciplinary education and health science\-related issues.
  

Posting Detail Information
**NEOMED Campus Safety Guidelines**
In an effort to keep our campus community as healthy and safe as possible, NEOMED may require vaccinations as a condition of attendance and employment. This policy will allow for exemption of the vaccination requirement for those individuals with valid medical reasons, sincerely held religious beliefs and matters of conscience.
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=5de41147c3838146
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 8：
title: Clinical Assistant or Clinical Associate Professor
school: University of South Carolina
location: Richland, SC, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: **Posting Number** FAC00073PO25
  

**Advertised Title** Clinical Assistant or Clinical Associate Professor
  

**Campus** Columbia
  

**College/Division** Arnold School of Public Health
  

**Department** ASPH Exercise Science
  

**Advertised Salary Range** Salary commensurate with experience
  

**Location of Vacancy**
  

**Part/Full Time** Full Time
  

**Hours per Week** 37\.5
  

**Position Category** Full\-time Equivalent (FTE)
  

**Basis** 12 months
  

**Work County** Richland
  

**Tenure Information** Professional Track
  

**Job Search Category** Faculty
  

About USC
**About University of South Carolina**
From the Upstate to the Lowcountry, the University of South Carolina system is transforming the lives of South Carolinians through the impact of our eight institutions and 20 locations throughout the state. More than 50,000 students are enrolled at one of eight institutions, including the research campus in Columbia and comprehensive four\-year universities in Aiken, Upstate and Beaufort. In addition, our Palmetto College campuses in Salkehatchie, Union, Lancaster and Sumter enable students to earn associate or bachelor’s degrees through a combination of in\-person, online or blended learning. All of our system institutions place strong emphasis on service — helping to build healthier, more educated communities in South Carolina and beyond.
  

Benefits for FTE Positions
The University of South Carolina (USC), through the State of SC and Public Employee Benefit Authority (PEBA), offers state employees a valuable benefits package, including health and life insurance, generous paid leave and retirement programs. To learn more about USC benefits, access the "Working at USC" section on the Applicant Portal at https://uscjobs.sc.edu.
Position Description
**Advertised Job Summary**
**Program Director of the M.S. In Performance Nutrition and Dietetics Program**  

  

**Clinical Assistant or Clinical Associate Professor (Professional Track)**  

The Department of Exercise Science at the University of South Carolina (USC) Arnold School of Public Health (ASPH**; www.sph.sc.edu)** invites applications for a Clinical Assistant or Clinical Associate Professor position focused on directing our new Master of Science in Performance Nutrition and Dietetics (MS/PND) degree program. The MS/PND program was recently accredited by the Accreditation Council for Education in Nutrition and Dietetics (ACEND) as a program under the *Future Education Model Accreditation Standards for Graduate Programs.*  

  

This full\-time, 12\-month faculty position is being established at the departmental level to direct the MS/PND program as well as teach and mentor graduate students in the program. The successful candidate will be motivated to serve as an ambassador of the dietetics field as well as the performance nutrition facet of the field. They will also exude passion for advancing the formalized education of performance nutrition. The Program Director will be highly involved in the recruitment and selection of additional program faculty, including a program coordinator, as well as stewarding relationships with community stakeholders. The Program Director will be responsible for all aspects of academic leadership and administration within the MS/PND program, including maintaining accreditation status; providing mentorship and faculty/preceptor development; monitoring and evaluating the curriculum; monitoring and evaluating program and learning assessment measures; chairing the program committees; and participating in scholarship and service.  

Upon its launch in the Fall of 2025, the MS/PND program will be the first and only nutrition and dietetics degree program at USC. The MS/PND program is strongly supported by a robust collection of preceptors, instructors, Advisory Board members, and administrative stakeholders. The program curriculum is designed to elevate performance nutrition education through novel, practical curriculum that crosses dietetics practice with performance nutrition services. This 2\-year graduate program includes both traditional dietetics and advanced performance nutrition content to cultivate confident, entry\-level dietitians that promote health and human performance in a variety of practice settings.  

The Department offers degrees at the undergraduate, masters, and doctoral level with programs in exercise science, athletic training, and physical therapy. The PhD program is consistently one of the top ranked programs in the US, and USC is among the top sport science universities in the US and the world.  

  

The department currently serves approximately 1200 undergraduates and over 270 graduate students across all programs. The Department and ASPH have numerous researchers with a focus on exercise and health, performance, nutrition, endocrinology, metabolism, genetics, neuroscience, obesity, children’s health, and special populations. Faculty members in the Department have established relationships with University Athletics, PRISMA Health, the Columbia VA Medical Center, the Department of Defense, and numerous community partners and schools.  

USC is a research\-intensive University and has been designated by the Carnegie Foundation as a doctoral institution with highest research activity. USC has also been designated a community engaged institution, making it one of only a few public universities to earn both the top\-tier research classification and the community engagement classification from Carnegie. The university is in Columbia, South Carolina, the state capital and the center of a metropolitan area that is home to over 800,000 residents. The low cost of living in the Columbia metropolitan area, coupled with abundant recreational, cultural, and educational opportunities provides the opportunity for an excellent quality of life. Filled with historic homes and charming, diverse neighborhoods, Columbia is a city on the rise, noted by Thrillist website as one of eight cities with the cool appeal of Nashville or Portland. Jogging and walking paths line the downtown and riverfront greenway, with parks scattered throughout the rest of the city. The popularity of downtown living has sparked the growth of independent restaurants, coffee houses, wine bars, breweries, galleries, boutiques, and street fairs. Other Columbia highlights include: the Columbia Museum of Art with continuous high\-profile traveling exhibits; the Nickelodeon art house cinema; the South Carolina State Museum with its planetarium, observatory, and 4\-D movie theatre; the nationally recognized Riverbanks Zoo and Garden; and Lake Murray. Columbia has a lively local music scene as well as national entertainment tours that visit the Colonial Life Arena. Known for its college athletics teams as a member of the SEC, the city also hosts a minor league baseball team (the Columbia Fireflies). Centrally located, Columbia is two hours from the South Carolina coast and the Blue Ridge Mountains.  

The University of South Carolina offers a robust benefits package described at: **http://www.sc.edu/about/offices\_and\_divisions/human\_resources/benefits/index.php**

  

**Required Education and Experience**
The successful candidate must have a Registered Dietician/Registered Dietician Nutritionist (RD/RDN) credential, graduate degree (minimum of a master’s degree) in nutrition, dietetics, exercise science or health\-related field by the start date of employment August 16, 2025, experience teaching/mentoring in a higher education setting, a history of post\-credentialing professional dietetics experience (5\+ years with a master degree, 3\+ years with a doctoral degree), and relevant exercise, human performance, or nutrition experience. Applicants wishing to be considered for the rank of Clinical Associate Professor must have at least 5 years of experience as an effective instructor, student mentor, and researcher by the beginning date of employment.
  

**Preferred Qualifications**
.
  

Posting Detail Information
**Desired Start Date** 08/16/2025
  

**Job Open Date** 05/29/2025
  

**Job Close Date**
  

**Open Until Filled** Yes
  

**Special Instructions to Applicant**
Complete applications will include: 1\) a letter of application that highlights your dietetics and performance nutrition experience, notable achievements, and any teaching and/or mentorship activities; 2\) a curriculum vitae/resume; and 3\) contact information for three references (including at least one academic reference). All finalists will be required to submit official transcripts from degree\-granting institution(s). Applicants should contact Dr. Devon Golem at **dgolem@mailbox.sc.edu** with any questions.  

  

*Positions are advertised for a minimum of five (5\) business days on our job website. After five (5\) business days, positions can be closed at the discretion of the department at any time. This position is open until filled. This employment site is updated on a regular basis. The length of the recruitment and screening process may vary from position to position, depending upon a variety of factors. Should review of your qualifications result in a decision to pursue your candidacy, you will be contacted by phone or email.*  


  

**Quicklink for Posting** https://uscjobs.sc.edu/postings/188105
  

**EEO Statement**
The University of South Carolina does not discriminate in educational or employment opportunities or decisions for qualified persons on the basis of age, ancestry, citizenship status, color, disability, ethnicity, familial status, gender (including transgender), gender identity or expression, genetic information, HIV/AIDs status, military status, national origin, pregnancy (false pregnancy, termination of pregnancy, childbirth, recovery therefrom or related medical conditions, breastfeeding), race, religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other bases under federal, state, local law, or regulations.
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fb367ff3736c652c
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 9：
title: Instructor/Assistant Professor, Biology
school: Anne Arundel Community College
location: Arnold, MD, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: **Department:** Biology


**Campus Location:** Arnold/Main Campus


**Salary Range:** $58,055\-$72,915


**Work Mode:** This position requires regular in\-person presence on campus and at alternative locations, depending on class schedule and other assigned duties.


**Hours Per Week:** 40


**Work Schedule:**


**Position Type:** Full\-Time Faculty, Exempt


**Position Summary**



Are you an educator who believes that education serves the greater good by providing all students access to a better life? Anne Arundel Community College (AACC) may be the place for you.  

  

With learning as its central mission, AACC — located in Anne Arundel County, Maryland near historic Annapolis — has responded to the needs of a diverse community for more than 60 years by offering high\-quality, affordable and accessible learning opportunities. Established in 1961, AACC is a fully accredited, public, two\-year institution that offers national and regional studies that lead to a degree or certificate, industry credential or transfer to a four\-year institution. AACC also offers opportunities for career enhancement, personal enrichment and lifelong learning.  

  

The ideal candidate for a faculty position at AACC understands that community colleges are positioned to fundamentally transform people’s lives and, as a result, society itself. We’re looking for those with a demonstrated commitment to continuous improvement in disciplinary knowledge, pedagogy and successful collaboration with colleagues in efforts aligned with student success and completion. The successful candidate also embraces the idea of helping students achieve their goals and approaches academic and inclusive excellence as moral imperatives, as evidenced by a strong commitment to anti\-racism, diversity, equity and inclusion.  

  

We also welcome those who are energized by supporting a diverse set of learners and those who embrace the notion of lifelong learning and continuous improvement. The successful applicant will also demonstrate experience with the interdisciplinary and collaborative structures of diverse professional work.  

  

AACC is a tenure\-granting institution. Any candidate hired as a full\-time faculty member may be eligible to apply for tenure in the future based on institutional eligibility requirements. This position requires regular in\-person presence on campus or at alternative locations, depending on class schedule and other assigned duties. Flexible teaching schedules may be available based on student needs. AACC offers daytime, evening, weekend, hybrid and online classes. Full\-time faculty contracts begin on August 16 and end on June 15\. This 10 month contract provides benefits over 12 months and the option of 12 month pay.  

  

Do your values and ideals align with AACC’s mission and vision?  

  

Anne Arundel Community College (AACC) is committed to enriching the educational experience it offers through the diversity of its faculty, administrators, and staff members. The college seeks to recruit and support a broadly diverse team who will contribute to the college's excellence, diversity of viewpoints and experiences, embrace concepts of equity and inclusiveness, and support the equal rights of all people by advancing the understanding and appreciation of differences including age, race, gender, ability, religious convictions, socio\-economic status, ethnic heritage, or sexual orientation.  

  

While we appreciate your interest in employment with Anne Arundel Community College, applicants must be currently authorized to work in the U.S. on a full\-time basis. Employment\-based visa sponsorship (including H\-1B and TN sponsorship) is not available for any position.  

  

In the best interest of the College, only individuals who are residents of Maryland or one of the following states will be eligible for employment at the college: Delaware, Pennsylvania, Virginia, West Virginia or the District of Columbia. The college will annually review this restriction and, if appropriate, expand the list of states of employment eligibility.


**Job Duties and Responsibilities**



Candidates should be committed to student\-centered, outcomes\-based education with experience incorporating multiple instructional strategies and the use of technology in teaching and learning. Strong candidates will demonstrate knowledge of evidence based teaching practices and how they can be applied in a college classroom to help students succeed. Teaching assignments are 15 faculty load hours per semester. Courses to be instructed include lecture and lab courses in horticulture, plant propagation, and ecology. Full\-time faculty are expected to participate on committees in the department and the college. Candidates should have evidence of ongoing commitment to personal and professional development as well as the ability to work effectively with a diverse faculty, staff, and student body. Additionally, excellence in oral, written and interpersonal communication skills is expected.
  

  

Function  

  

With meeting community needs and improving teaching and learning among Anne Arundel Community College’s highest priorities, we are strategically positioned to set and surpass new standards of excellence in our primary teaching and learning mission. Guided by principles that emphasize equity and student success, especially in learning, and continuous improvement for a progressive and vital learning community, we envision AACC as a premier learning organization that is in the vanguard of community college education. As a consequence, we welcome qualified faculty candidates who demonstrate:  

* Commitment to student\-centered teaching excellence with a diverse student body and in a variety of teaching formats
* Commitment to equity, diversity, inclusion, anti\-racism, and accessibility
* Commitment to developing curriculum and programs
* Expertise in learning outcomes assessment
* Commitment to engaging with students inside and outside of the classroom
* Commitment to college service and value community partnerships
* Commitment to continuous improvement and professional development
* Commitment to AACC’s values

  

Duties  

  

Primary responsibilities:  

* 30 faculty load hours annual contract taught during Fall and Spring Terms – may include face\-to\-face, online, or hybrid instruction and instruction at off\-site locations depending on student need
* 6 office hours per week during the fall and spring semesters which may include student advising and mentoring
* Teaching and assessing student learning
* Professional development
* Department, school, and college/community service

  

In addition to a faculty member’s primary responsibilities, the exceptional candidate will also demonstrate commitment and experience in one or more of the following areas:  

1\. Mentoring students from target groups; new full\-time faculty; part\-time faculty  

2\. Designing, formatting and delivering curriculum for all learning modalities  

3\. Training and consulting for workforce initiatives (e.g., for public and corporate partners, etc.)  

4\. Developing and implementing community education and extended learning programs  

5\. Partnering with colleagues to enhance services to students and the community  

6\. Recruiting and marketing  

7\. Devising retention strategies and activities  

8\. Strengthening relationships and collaborative activities including K\-12 and baccalaureate\-granting colleagues  

  

* Teach the Foundations of Biology: Molecules and Cells lecture and lab courses using evidence\-based teaching practices
* Remain current on effective teaching and learning practices that promote equity and inclusion in science
* Teach other courses such as, but not limited to, Foundations of Biology: Evolution and Ecology, Environmental Science, and Zoology as needed
* Collaboratively and independently develop accessible course materials and curriculum
* Serve on department and institutional committees
* Accept any special assignments that further the mission of AACC
* Availability to teach evenings and/or weekends as needed
  

**Required Qualifications:**


* Master’s degree in Biology or field that is represented in foundational biology courses with at least 18 hours of graduate courses in areas related to biology
* Demonstrated experience teaching college\-level introductory biology courses
* Demonstrated experience with teamwork/collaboration in teaching and/or course development
* Ability to deliver required, predefined course curriculum while incorporating individual knowledge and experiences to engage students and make the course their own
* Experience teaching with learning management systems and electronic textbook resources


**Preferred Qualifications:**


* Expertise in evidence\-based pedagogy and classroom management techniques designed to maximize student success
* Experience teaching community college introductory biology courses
* Experience teaching courses in environmental science, evolution/ecology, zoology or other related topics
* Experience teaching online courses
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7ee637578d8fa71f
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 10：
title: Assistant Professor, Special Education
school: University of West Georgia
location: Carrollton, GA, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: **About Us**
------------



Since 1906, the University of West Georgia (UWG) has been home to those who seek a transformative college experience. UWG is a leading residential, doctoral comprehensive university that offers a broad undergraduate and graduate curriculum based on a liberal arts foundation. Nestled among the pines on a picturesque 645 acres is the University of West Georgia\- a hidden gem approximately 40 miles west of Atlanta. Serving approximately 14,400\+ students, and offering more than 100 programs, UWG is committed to advancing innovative academic programs and a student\-centered business model. Perennially ranked by U.S. News \& World Report, the Princeton Review, and Colleges of Distinction as a top national university, West Georgia offers 86 fields of study, including business, computing, nursing, education, STEM, communication and digital media, social sciences, and the fine and performing arts. UWG generates a regional economic impact of more than $650 million annually and provides a safe, quality, and affordable university experience that connects students to post\-graduate career and leadership opportunities. UWG has been recognized by the Carnegie Foundation for its institutional commitment to community engagement through teaching, research and creative activities, and public service. West Georgia is one of only 119 U.S. colleges and universities to receive the elective classification in 2020 and is among only 359 institutions nationally. Dedicated to creating a first\-choice university for students, alumni, employees, and communities, UWG seeks employees who will advance and support the University's mission of fulfilling the talent needs of western Georgia and the Atlanta metropolitan area, while contributing to the social, cultural, and economic development of the region and state.

  

Living in Carrollton, "The City of Dreams," offers the advantages of city life with a small\-town vibe. This progressive community with Southern flair offers plenty of shopping, restaurants, nightlife opportunities, and cultural events. Named a City of Excellence in Georgia and listed as one of the 50 Best Small Southern Towns, Carrollton is the cultural, educational, health care, and commercial center for the west Georgia region.

  

At the heart of Carrollton is its historic downtown and Adamson Square lined with shops, galleries, and restaurants. Each season offers unique local events and opportunities for year\-round recreation. Outdoor activities abound through award\-winning spaces, including an 18\-mile paved walking and biking Greenbelt trail that encircles the city and passes through the UWG campus.

  

The city embraces the University's students, faculty, and staff, and welcomes the diversity UWG brings to the community.

  

Invested in education with highly rated city and county K\-12 systems, both city and county public school graduation rates are 90% and above and rank among the top in the nation by U.S. News \& World Report.


**Department Information**
--------------------------



The Special Education program, housed within the Department of Special Education in the College of Education at the University of West Georgia, invites dynamic applicants to join our growing program. The College of Education at the University of West Georgia is a doctoral\-granting recognized leader in preparing exemplary practitioners for a variety of educational roles. The College of Education offers high\-level technological support, mentoring for new faculty, assistance seeking research funding, and opportunities to partner with area school districts and work with graduate students at all levels. Located 45 miles west of Atlanta, the University of West Georgia is rapidly growing, with programs at the undergraduate level through the doctorate, and a diverse faculty and student population. Our 645\-acre campus offers modern, state\-of\-the\-art facilities complimented by beautiful green spaces. It ranks as one of the Southeast¿s best public regional comprehensive universities.


The Special Education program consists of four degrees in special education with tracks in adapted and general curriculum. Degrees include B.S.Ed., M.A.T., M.Ed., and an Ed.S. in Special Education. All programs are online. The UWG special education initial certification programs have the highest number of student graduates in the state of Georgia.


**Job Summary**
---------------



This is a Tenure\-Track Assistant Professor position in the special education program. We are seeking an experienced educator with experience in one of the following areas of special education: adaptive curriculum, special education leadership, assistive technology, or autism who will help elevate and grow the special education program at UWG. The successful candidate will teach courses at the undergraduate and graduate levels in special education. In addition to teaching responsibilities, faculty are required to engage in scholarship/professional development activity, service to the department and University, professional participation, and student success activities. This position will require an on\-campus presence to attend meetings, events, and classes.


**Responsibilities**
--------------------



Developing and teaching undergraduate and graduate level courses, with an emphasis on quality online instruction;

* Participating in university, college, and departmental meetings, events, committee work, and professional service;
* Working collaboratively with P\-12 school committees; and
* Completing other duties as assigned.
* Actively engage in research and/or professional growth and development, contributions to the field of teacher education

**Required Qualifications**
---------------------------


* Earned terminal graduate degree in special education or a closely related field. ABD will be considered.
* Minimum of 3 years experience in teaching children with disabilities in school settings.

**Preferred Qualifications**
----------------------------



Successful experience with one or more of the following areas:* Teaching at the university level
* Delivering and developing instruction for students with autism
* Delivering and developing instruction for students with high\- and/or low\-incidence disabilities
* Developing and conducting assessments for students with disabilities
* Developing and using assistive technology with students with disabilities
  


**Proposed Salary**
-------------------



Salary is commensurate with experience.


**Knowledge, Skills, \& Abilities**
-----------------------------------



The successful candidate will have a comprehensive knowledge of special education as a field. They will have experience as a special educator in the field. They will have experience delivering online and/or on\-campus university\-level instruction.


**USG Core Values**
-------------------



The University System of Georgia is comprised of our 26 institutions of higher education and learning as well as the System Office. Our USG Statement of Core Values are Integrity, Excellence, Accountability, and Respect. These values serve as the foundation for all that we do as an organization, and each USG community member is responsible for demonstrating and upholding these standards. More details on the USG Statement of Core Values and Code of Conduct are available in USG Board Policy 8\.2\.18\.1\.2 and can be found on\-line at https://www.usg.edu/policymanual/section8/C224/\#p8\.2\.18\_personnel\_conduct.


Additionally, USG supports Freedom of Expression as stated in Board Policy 6\.5 Freedom of Expression and Academic Freedom found on\-line at https://www.usg.edu/policymanual/section6/C2653\.


**Conditions of Employment**
----------------------------



Offers of employment are contingent upon completion of a background investigation including a criminal background check demonstrating your eligibility for employment with the University of West Georgia as determined by the University of West Georgia in its sole discretion; confirmation of the credentials and employment history reflected in your application materials, reference checks; and, if applicable, a satisfactory credit check. Applicants may be subject to a pre\-employment drug test. Offers are made expressly subject to the applicable federal and state laws, to the statutes, rules and regulations of this institution and to the Bylaws and Policies of the Board of Regents (BOR) of the University System of Georgia (USG), which are available for your inspection upon request.

  


**Equal Employment Opportunity**
--------------------------------



The University of West Georgia is an equal employment, equal access, and equal educational opportunity, and affirmative action institution. It is the policy of the University of West Georgia to recruit, hire, train, promote, and educate persons without regard to race, color, national or ethnic origin, age, disability, gender, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or veteran status as required by applicable state and federal laws (including Title VI, Title VII, Title IX, Sections 503, and 504, ADEA, ADA, E.O. 11246, and Rev. Proc. 75\-50\)


**Other Information**
---------------------



The mission of the University of West Georgia is to enable students, faculty, and staff to realize their full potential through academic engagement, supportive services, professional development, and a caring, student\-centered community. The institutional mission and daily operation of the University of West Georgia are guided by our values that support our vision to be the best place to work, learn, and succeed: ACHIEVEMENT, CARING, COLLABORATION, INCLUSIVENESS, INNOVATION, INTEGRITY, SUSTAINABILITY, and WISDOM.
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b35d45b7f1f1d9e8
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 11：
title: Assistant/Associate/Full Professor, Physician Assistant Program (CT)
school: University of Arizona
location: Tucson, AZ, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: **Posting Number** req22979
  

**Department** Dept of Clinical Hlth Prof
  

**Department Website Link** https://cb2\.uahs.arizona.edu/about\-cb2
  

**Medical Sub\-Speciality**
  

**Location** University of Arizona Health Sciences
  

**Address** Tucson, AZ USA
  

**Position Highlights**
Principal Faculty members are responsible for the development, delivery, and continuous improvement of the didactic and clinical components of the Physician Assistant curriculum. This full\-time, 12\-month position includes teaching, student advising, assessment, program evaluation, and participation in accreditation and service activities. The role supports the academic success and professional development of PA students while ensuring alignment with ARC\-PA standards. The primary purpose of this position is to contribute to the program’s mission by fostering educational excellence and preparing students for clinical practice.



This career\-track appointment is not eligible for tenure.


*Outstanding UA benefits include health, dental, and vision insurance plans; life insurance and disability programs; paid vacation, sick leave, and holidays; UA/ASU/NAU tuition reduction for the employee and qualified family members; retirement plans; access to UA recreation and cultural activities; and more!*

*The University of Arizona has been recognized for our innovative work\-life programs.*


  

**Duties \& Responsibilities**
* Teaching and Instruction
	+ Responsible for delivering high\-quality instruction across the didactic and clinical phases of the program, including facilitating lectures, small group sessions, and skills labs.
	+ Provide remedial instruction when needed and may serve as course directors, managing course organization, lecture scheduling, and student assessment.
	+ Course directors analyze student performance data, generate annual course reports, and support learners through academic counseling and referrals when appropriate.
	+ Utilize appropriate instructional technologies and tools to enhance teaching effectiveness.
* Contribute to the ongoing development, review, and revision of the program’s mission, goals, and competencies to ensure alignment with accreditation standards and evolving healthcare practices.
	+ Actively involved in instructional design, curriculum implementation, and course coordination.
	+ Participate in the program’s self\-assessment and evaluation processes and engage in program\-wide planning and policy development efforts in collaboration with leadership and peers.
* Provide academic advising, mentorship, and counseling to students throughout the program.
	+ Support student success by monitoring academic progress, offering timely feedback, and coordinating with the Student Success Committee when concerns arise.
	+ Play a key role in the admissions process, including applicant review and participation in interview and selection activities.
* Engage in scholarly activities such as research, publications, and professional presentations.
	+ Maintain clinical and professional expertise through ongoing development, licensure, and certification. Participation in grant\-related work and staying informed about advances in PA education and clinical practice are also components of this responsibility.
	+ May include occasional evening commitments for outreach events with prospective PA students and weekend responsibilities for admissions fairs and interview days.
* Contribute to the broader mission of the Program and University by serving on committees, participating in service initiatives, and supporting community engagement efforts.
	+ Assist with clinical site development and monitoring as needed and help ensure that all activities adhere to institutional and accreditation standards.
	+ May also be assigned additional duties that support the administration and growth of the program.

**Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:**

* Instructional Delivery and Curriculum Development
* Student Advisement and Mentorship
* Communication and Interpersonal Skills


  

**Minimum Qualifications**
* Master’s Degree
* PAs need a current NCCPA board certification or emeritus certification status. Non\-PA applicants, in healthcare specialties, must hold board certification relevant to their field.
* Licensed or eligible to practice in the State of Arizona.
* Minimum of 2 years patient care experience in certified profession.
* Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
* Exceptional interpersonal and leadership skills.


  

**Preferred Qualifications**
* Doctoral degree and 3 years of teaching experience, preferably in PA education.


  

**Rank**  

**Tenure Information** Career\-Track (CT)
  

**FLSA** Exempt
  

**Full Time/Part Time** To be Determined
  

**Number of Hours Worked per Week** 20\-40
  

**Job FTE** 0\.5\- 1\.0
  

**Work Calendar** Fiscal
  

**Job Category** Faculty
  

**Benefits Eligible** Yes \- Full Benefits
  

**Rate of Pay** DOE
  

**Compensation Type** salary at 1\.0 full\-time equivalency (FTE)
  

**Type of criminal background check required:** Name\-based criminal background check (non\-security sensitive)
  

**Number of Vacancies** 3
  

**Target Hire Date**
  

**Expected End Date**
  

**Contact Information for Candidates** Eva Sanchez, esanchez16@arizona.edu
  

**Open Date** 5/29/2025
  

**Open Until Filled** Yes
  

**Documents Needed to Apply** Curriculum Vitae (CV), Cover Letter, and One Additional Document
  

**Special Instructions to Applicant**
**If invited to interview, please be prepared to provide three (3\) professional references.**

**Please include a Teaching Philosophy document, as the additional document.**

  

  

**Notice of Availability of the Annual Security and Fire Safety Report** In compliance with the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act), each year the University of Arizona releases an Annual Security Report (ASR) for each of the University’s campuses. These reports disclose information including Clery crime statistics for the previous three calendar years and policies, procedures, and programs the University uses to keep students and employees safe, including how to report crimes or other emergencies and resources for crime victims. As a campus with residential housing facilities, the Main Campus ASR also includes a combined Annual Fire Safety report with information on fire statistics and fire safety systems, policies, and procedures.
  

Paper copies of the Reports can be obtained by contacting the University Compliance Office at cleryact@arizona.edu.
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=03357a26f1774b61
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 12：
title: Assistant Professor/Student Media Adviser
school: North Carolina Central University
location: Durham, NC, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: **Posting Details**
-------------------


To create a Posting, first complete the information on this screen, or select the page in the left hand navigation menu. Proceed through all sections and complete all necessary information. To submit the Posting to the next approval step, you must go to the **Posting Summary** or you can select the Summary page link from the left navigation menu.


Position Information
**Working Title** Assistant Professor/Student Media Adviser
  

**Position Number** F610208
  

**Appointment Type** 3 year
  

**FTE** .75 \= 40 hours/week, 9 months
  

Position Overview
**Be an Eagle \- Where Purpose Takes Flight!**
Are you ready to make an impact? At North Carolina Central University (NCCU), we are more than an institution—we are a community rooted in a legacy of excellence and transformation. A historically Black university located in Durham, North Carolina, also known as ‘The City of Medicine,’ NCCU has been a cornerstone of education since 1910, fostering innovation and progress.
  

  

Join our team and enjoy a comprehensive benefits package and exclusive perks designed to support your work\-life balance. At NCCU, your professional growth will be nurtured, and your contributions will help shape the future for our students and the community we serve. Become part of a legacy that drives change and achievement.
  

  

An opportunity awaits you at NCCU, where your purpose can take flight.
  

Visit NCCU.edu.
  

**Primary Function of Organizational Unit**
The mission of the Department of Mass Communication is to prepare students for careers and study in mass communication. The department offers engaged learning, student media and research experiences and connections to professional practice opportunities. The department values the comprehensive preparation of graduates with an understanding of the ethical, practical, and theoretical foundations in the field and an understanding of and appreciation for a variety of cultures.  

The Department of Mass Communication offers a B.A. degree with five concentrations: Broadcast Media, Digital Filmmaking, Journalism, Media Studies, and Public Relations. The department also includes the award\-winning student media outlets the *Campus Echo* newspaper, the *Central News* student newscast, and the web\-based student radio station AudioNet. The department also maintains student NABJ and PRSSA chapters, and a recently renovated television studio, and has access to NPR radio station WNCU\-FM 90\.7\. The department is also responsible for providing courses that meet the General Education Curriculum speech requirement.
  

**Primary Purpose of Position**
The person in this position serves as a faculty member in the Department of Mass Communication and teaches core and concentration courses in the department’s Journalism concentration. The faculty member also serves as adviser for the department’s student news publication, the *Campus Echo*.  

  

As student media adviser, the faculty member is expected to translate their professional expertise in multimedia writing, reporting, storytelling, and production into teaching and mentoring student journalists. In addition, as student media adviser, the faculty member is expected to recruit and train student media staff members, promote and guide external student competition in student media, advocate for student press freedom, manage the budget, and develop innovative approaches to the challenges facing student media.  

In addition to being an effective teacher, a mentor, and director of co\-curricular student media experiences, the faculty member is expected to be actively involved in scholarly research and/or creative activity at a level leading to promotion and tenure at the University, to be active in professional organizations that help the department enhance its co\-curricular student media experiences, and to participate in service activities in the department, the college, the university, and the profession that help advance the department’s vision and mission, including contributing to curriculum assessment and accreditation.
  

**Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities**
* An awareness of, understanding of and commitment to the history, culture, and traditions of a Historically Black College or University (HBCU).
* A willingness to stay current with student media trends and issues.
* Knowledge of principles and methods for curriculum and training design in mass communication, teaching and instruction for individuals and groups.
* Knowledge of measurement of instructional outcomes.
* Knowledge of media production, communication, and dissemination techniques and methods, including alternative ways to inform and entertain via written, oral, and visual media.
* Understanding of appropriate learning strategies as well as problem\-solving and organizational skills.
* Ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing.


  

**Minimum Education/Experience**
* A terminal degree in mass communication, communication studies, media studies, or a closely related field.
* Multiple years of experience in guiding student news media or appropriate related professional experience.


  

**Licenses or Certification required by Statute or Regulation**
na
  

**Equal Opportunity Employer**
North Carolina Central University is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, disability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or status as a protected veteran.
  

Key Responsibilities and Related Competencies
**Function** Instructional
  

**Describe the specific tasks and responsibilities related to the function.**
Engage in teaching, evaluation, and other instruction\-related duties and
responsibilities that help the department achieve its mission and meet the goals of
the University — including recruitment and retention, supporting, and guiding
external student competition, participating in assessment activities related to areas of
instruction, and helping students develop high\-quality portfolio content related to their
concentration of study.  

  

Serve as adviser for student media. Educates administrators, faculty and others about the role
of student media, student media leaders and the adviser.
  

**Function** Research
  

**Describe the specific tasks and responsibilities related to the function.**
Participate in scholarly research and/or creative activity at a level that would lead to
promotion and tenure at the University.
  

**Function** Public Service
  

**Describe the specific tasks and responsibilities related to the function.**
* Serve as academic advisor for students, providing educational guidance and assistance for students by planning schedules, recommending courses and determining appropriate education solutions for students in the department’s various concentrations.
* Provide service to the department, college, and University as appropriate to help achieve their respective missions, including attending departmental staff meetings and college faculty meetings regularly; participating in activities appropriate to the academic field or profession; and attending Convocation, Commencement, and other all\-University functions.
  

**Function** Budgeting
  

**Describe the specific tasks and responsibilities related to the function.**
* Develop and oversee budget planning and processes for student media
* Review and approve publication budget requests
* Allocate funds to different functions
* Analyze budget spending
* Optimize budgets based on spend data and performance

Present annual budgets to campus administrators  
* 
  

**Function** Advocacy Skills
  

**Describe the specific tasks and responsibilities related to the function.**
* Clearly and preemptively communicates advising philosophy and style to administrators so they know what to expect when something occurs
* Establishes collegial, professional relationships with networks of people on campus
* Conducts or assists student leaders in conducting public relations and keeping the community informed about the organization’s successes
  

Posting Detail Information
**Posting Number** F000133
  

**Open Date** 05/29/2025
  

**Close Date**
  

**Open Until Filled** Yes
  

**Date Position Available** 07/01/2025
  

**Special Instructions to Applicants**
**Pre\-Employment Requirements:**  

* You must complete and submit an electronic application for employment to be considered. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of completing an electronic application.

  

* Applicants seeking Veteran’s Preference must attach a DD 214 form or those seeking National Guard Preference must attach as NG23A form. Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty with your application during the process of applying to the job posting.

  

* Final candidates are subject to criminal background checks, and education/license verification prior to employment.

  

* North Carolina Central University participates in E\-Verify. Federal law requires all employers to verify the identity and employment eligibility of all persons hired to work in the United States.

  

**Employee Benefits available to** **NCCU** **permanent employees include the following and more:**  

* Accrued Vacation and Sick Leave

  

* Community Service Leave

  

* NC State – Health Benefits

  

* NCFlex – Vision, Dental, Flexible Spending Account, Life Insurance and more

  

* 11\-12 Paid Holidays

  

* Teachers and State Employees Retirement System (TSERS)

  

* Optional Supplemental Plans – 401k, 403b, 457b and 457

  

* Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

  

* Campus Recreation Center Discount

  

* University Bookstore Discount and more.
  


  

**Applicant Documents**
-----------------------


**Required Documents**
* Resume/CV


* Cover Letter


* Unofficial Transcripts (official required from selected candidate)


* List of References


**Optional Documents**
* Teaching Philosophy


* Other Document


* DD\-214 (Veterans Only)


* Licenses and/or Certification required by Statute or Regulation
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3b742a7e1936d987
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 13：
title: Research Faculty in Bioelectrics (Open Rank, 2 Positions, Non-Tenure Eligible)
school: Old Dominion University
location: Norfolk, VA, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: **Posting Details**
-------------------


Posting Details
**Job Title** Research Faculty in Bioelectrics (Open Rank, 2 Positions, Non\-Tenure Eligible)
  

**Department** BIOELECTRICS
  

**Position Number** F0366A, F0403A
  

**Job Description**
The Frank Reidy Research Center for Bioelectrics at Old Dominion University (**https://ww1\.odu.edu/bioelectrics**) invites applicants for **Research Faculty at a rank of Research Assistant, Research Associate, or Research Professor**. **This is a 10\-month non\-tenure track appointment supported by state funds.** The successful candidate will perform cutting\-edge experimental biomedical research in a broader area of bioelectrics (which encompasses bioeffects and applications of electric fields, electrostimulation, electroporation, and roles of endogenous electric fields), report results at scientific forums, publish in peer\-reviewed journals, compete for extramural grant funding, and actively collaborate with colleagues at Frank Reidy Research Center for Bioelectrics (FRRCBE) and beyond.
  

FRRCBE pioneers basic and applied research in the interaction of electric fields and ionized gases with biological systems. Its mission spans advancing scientific knowledge in biotechnology, medical diagnostics, therapeutics, and environmental applications. The Center emphasizes cutting\-edge interdisciplinary research, collaboration, and the recruitment of top\-tier faculty and students. Integral to its mission, FRRCBE actively supports various research and educational initiatives at Old Dominion University and drives the commercialization of bioelectrics technologies. For more information about FRRCBE, please visit: **https://ww1\.odu.edu/bioelectrics**

  

**Position Type** FullTime
  

**Type of Recruitment** General Public
  

**Type of Recruitment** General Public
  

**Minimum required education and/or special licenses, registrations, trainings, or certifications**
Ph.D. or M.D. in Biomedical Research, Biophysics, or related field.
  

**Minimum required level and type of experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities**
Applicants must have experience in experimental or clinical research in bioelectrics or closely related to bioelectrics and a proven record of research published in peer\-reviewed journals, as well as conference presentations.  

* Research Assistant Professor applicants must have a minimum of 2 years of postdoctoral or similar training.
* Research Associate Professor applicants must have a minimum of 4 years of postdoctoral or similar training.
* Research Professor applicants must have a minimum of 5 years in a faculty position and a strong record of extramural research support as a PI or a co\-PI.

  

**Preferred Qualifications**
* Evidence of extramural grant support as a PI or a co\-PI.
* Experience with writing and submitting federal grant applications.
* Experience in teaching and mentoring.
* Relevance to the ongoing research at FRRCBE and the potential for collaboration with current faculty.


  

**Conditions of Employment**
  

**Location** Norfolk, VA
  

**Job Open Date** 07/09/2024
  

**Application Review Date** 08/10/2024
  

**Open Until Filled** Yes
  

**Application Instructions**
Interested candidates should visit **https://jobs.odu.edu/postings/20825**to apply and attach the following with their online application:
* A cover letter, including which appointment rank you would like to be considered for.


* A curriculum vitae.


* A statement of research interests.


* Unofficial graduate transcripts.


* Contact information for 3 professional references. If your application progresses in the search, the application site will request letters of recommendation from these individuals.



Applications must be submitted by **August 10, 2024** for full consideration. The position will remain open until it is filled.
  

**Telework Friendly** No
  

**Equity Statement**
It is the policy of Old Dominion University to provide equal employment, educational and social opportunities for all persons, without regard to race (or traits historically associated with race including hair texture, hair type, and protective hairstyles such as braids, locks, and twists), color, religion, sex or gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), national origin, gender identity or expression, age, veteran status, disability, political affiliation, sexual orientation or genetic information. Individuals from minoritized communities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.
  

**Reasonable Accommodation Request**
If you are an individual with a disability and require reasonable accommodation, please contact the Office of Institutional Equity \& Diversity at (757\) 683\-3141\.
  

**Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision**
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or © consistent with contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.
  

**About the College**
**https://www.odu.edu/engineering**
  

**About the Department**
**https://ww1\.odu.edu/bioelectrics**
  

**Posting Specific Questions**
------------------------------


Required fields are indicated with an asterisk (\*).



* \* How did you hear about this employment opportunity?
	+ The Chronicle of Higher Education (website or print)
	+ Higheredjobs.com
	+ DiverseJobs.com
	+ InsightIntoDiversity.com
	+ Jobs.Virginia.gov
	+ Old Dominion University website
	+ Virginia Pilot (website or print)
	+ Richmond Times Dispatch (website or print)
	+ Academic Keys
	+ Other
* If you selected "Other," how did you hear about this employment opportunity?
(Open Ended Question)


**Applicant Documents**
-----------------------


**Required Documents**
* Cover Letter/Letter of Application


* Curriculum Vitae


* Statement of Research Interests


* Unofficial Graduate Transcripts


* Contact Information for Professional References
**Optional Documents**
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=0e521725a9a1f294
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 14：
title: Assistant Professor of Instruction - Biological Sciences
school: University of Texas at Dallas
location: Richardson, TX, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: Job Summary
**Position Description**

The **Department of Biological Sciences** in the **School of Natural Sciences and Mathematics** at The **University of Texas at Dallas** (UTD) seeks to recruit two (2\) full\-time equivalent (9\-month appointment) non\-tenure system faculty at the rank of Assistant Professor of Instruction to teach undergraduate lecture and lab\-based courses in biological sciences. The Department of Biological Sciences is a vibrant community of researchers and educators that prioritizes the effective training of its students. An ideal candidate is an experienced and dedicated educator focused on student success across all classrooms and laboratories. Courses are often taught in multiple sections by a collaborative group of faculty and teaching assistants, so excellent team\-work and communication skills are essential. The candidate will lead biology\-based courses and aid in the development of curriculum geared towards an active learning environment. We are especially interested in candidates who have the flexibility to teach night and/or weekend sections, and/or are interested in developing course\-based research experiences for our undergraduate students.

The appointment commences for the fall 2025 semester.
**Qualifications**
Minimum Education and Experience: A master’s degree in a relevant discipline in the biological sciences is required prior to employment. Experience in preparing laboratory reagents and media and with operating and maintaining general laboratory equipment (e.g. microscopes, pipettors, spectrophotometers, etc.). Candidates are expected to demonstrate the ability to work effectively in a highly collaborative, engaging, and dynamic environment comprised of individuals with a range of backgrounds, skills, and perspectives. We are seeking candidates able to deliver high quality teaching using evidence\-based practices to effectively engage students from a range of backgrounds and experiences.

Preferred Education and Experience: A PhD in a relevant discipline in the biological sciences is preferred along with experience as a teaching assistant or instructor in college\-level laboratory and/or lecture classes.
**Application Instructions**
Applicants should upload the following:
* Full curriculum vitae and cover letter summarizing their interests and qualifications for the position.
* Statement of teaching philosophy describing their conceptualizations of teaching and learning, and teaching and assessment methods, and how their teaching practices will engage students from a range of backgrounds and experiences.
* Full contact information for at least three academic or professional references.



Reviews will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled or the search is closed on June 16, 2025\.
**The University and Community**  

UT Dallas is a top public research university located in one of the nation’s fastest\-growing metropolitan regions. Our seven schools offer more than 140 undergraduate and graduate programs, plus professional certificates and fast\-track programs. Our student body is 30,000 strong, reflecting students from over 100 countries and a multiplicity of identities and experiences. Over 65% of our undergraduate students receive some form of need\- or merit\-based financial aid; and 66%of graduating seniors have no student debt compared to 48% in Texas and 32% in the nation (2021 TICAS report).
UT Dallas is committed to graduating well\-rounded members of the global community whose education has prepared them for rewarding lives and productive careers in a constantly changing world. A diversity of people, ideas, and perspectives is crucial to our vision and mission. UT Dallas is a place where members of the community from all backgrounds are welcomed, treated fairly, and encouraged in their pursuit of excellence.

The University has a variety of programs and initiatives to support engagement and success for all members of the campus community. Employee benefits include a range of physical and mental wellness resources. “LilyPad” lactation facilities are located throughout the campus. There are several Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) comprised of individuals who share common interests to help build community among UT Dallas faculty and staff (e.g., Universal Access ERG, Military and Veteran ERG, UT Dallas Young Professionals).

Rich with visual and performing arts venues, museum districts, professional and semi\-professional athletics teams, botanical gardens, accessible trails and so much more, the Dallas\-Fort Worth (DFW) metroplex has something for everyone to explore. UT Dallas partners with regional higher education institutions and school districts and with the **Richardson Innovation Quarter** (Richardson IQ), a major hub for innovation, entrepreneurship, and educational activities.
**Equal Employment Opportunity**
  

The University of Texas at Dallas is committed to providing an educational, living and working environment that is welcoming, respectful, and inclusive of all members of the university community. The University **prohibits unlawful discrimination** against a person because of their race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, or veteran status.
Minimum Education and Experience Preferred Education and Experience
A PhD in a relevant discipline in the biological sciences is preferred along with experience as a teaching assistant or instructor in college\-level laboratory and/or lecture classes.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Demonstrate a commitment to teaching excellence  

Prepare and teach undergraduate and/or graduate classes  

Keep regular office hours during the semester  

Mentor and/or advise undergraduate and/or graduate students  

Contribute assessment information and data as requested  

Engage in service within the academic unit, the university, and the profession as appropriate based on teaching and research constraints  

Teach eight (8\) classes each academic year
Physical Activities Working Conditions Additional Information Special Instructions Summary Important Message
1\) All employees serve as a representative of the University and are expected to display respect, civility, professional courtesy, consideration of others and discretion in all interactions with members of the UT Dallas community and the general public.  

  

2\) The University of Texas at Dallas is committed to providing an educational, living, and working environment that is welcoming, respectful, and inclusive of all members of the university community. UT Dallas does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, national origin, disability, genetic information, or veteran status in its services, programs, activities, employment, and education, including in admission and enrollment. The University *is committed to providing access, equal opportunity, and reasonable accommodation* for individuals with disabilities. *To request reasonable accommodation in the employment application and interview process, contact the* ***ADA*** ***Coordinator****.* For inquiries regarding nondiscrimination policies, contact the **Title IX Coordinator**.
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=56577871a18a4343
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 15：
title: Neuro-Ophthalmologist-Open Rank-
school: UT Health Science Center at San Antonio
location: San Antonio, TX, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: **Specialty\- MD**


**Position: Full\-Time Neuro\-Ophthalmologist**


**Rank: Open (Assistant, Associate, or Professor)**



The Department of Ophthalmology, Joe R. and Teresa Lozano Long School of Medicine (LSOM) at UT Health San Antonio is seeking to add a faculty member to join our team that values collaboration, education, and superior patient care. Optimal candidates will have an established track record of peer\-reviewed research, excellence in education, and outstanding clinical service. The physician should have completed an ACGME\-accredited residency/ fellowship and be board\-certified or board eligible in the specialty required. The candidate should have excellent clinical abilities and outstanding communication skills. The faculty member will be expected to participate in the education of medical students, residents, and fellows.



Applicants must possess a Texas medical license or become licensed in Texas and meet all criteria for faculty appointments and credentialing by the faculty practice plan. The salary is competitive and there is a generous benefits package and incentive plan. Salary and academic rank are commensurate with credentials and experience.



UTHSA is located in a large metropolitan area with a 50\-county referral base and approximately 2\.3 million inhabitants. San Antonio enjoys year\-round good weather, is a favored travel destination, and is the home of the Spurs Basketball team, SeaWorld\- San Antonio, Fiesta Six Flags Amusement Park, the Alamo, Riverwalk, and countless other attractions.



Our academic partner, University Health System, is a nationally recognized teaching hospital and network of outpatient healthcare centers owned by the people of Bexar County. In partnership with UT Health Physicians, the practice plan of UTHSA is consistently recognized as a leader in advanced treatment options, new technologies, and clinical research.



If you would like to be part of our innovative and collegial faculty that is dedicated to excellence, please follow the link wp.uthscsa.edu/careers/,, click “Faculty” and enter keyword 25000153 where you will also need to attach your CV and three (3\) letters of recommendation (one preferably from a residency or fellowship director).



If applying for the academic rank of Associate Professor or Professor, letter writers should complete the promotion and tenure checklist. If you have additional questions about the position, feel free to contact:



Department contact: Daniel A. Johnson, MD, MBA



Phone: 210\-567\-8402



Email: Johnsond4@uthscsa.edu



UT Health San Antonio is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer including protected veterans and persons with disabilities. All faculty appointments are designated as security\-sensitive positions.



#### **Benefits Overview**



UT Health San Antonio offers an excellent benefits package for its employees. Employees who work at least 20 hours a week, with an appointment of at least 4\.5 months, are eligible for benefits.

  




Medical\- UT SELECT Medical insurance is offered free for employees and administered by Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Texas. Family members can be added to the plan through payroll deduction. Employees and their dependents can also receive discounted copays and coinsurance when using UT Health Physicians, a network of 800 premier physicians including more than 100 specialists.

  




Dental\- Three dental insurance plan options are available for employees and their families through Delta Dental Insurance Company, two PPOs and one dental HMO plan. Both PPO plans allow employees to choose any licensed dentist.

  




Vision\- Fully insured Vision Care benefits are offered by Superior Vision Services. Two vision plan options that offer either standard or enhanced vision benefits. Life Employees receive $40,000 of group term life insurance and $40,000 of basic accidental death and dismemberment insurance for free, with options to purchase additional employee and dependent coverage for both at group rates.

  




Retirement\- Employees are eligible for either the Teacher Retirement System (TRS) or the Optional Retirement Plan (ORP). TRS is a defined benefit retirement plan which UT Health matches employee contributions. ORP is for eligible faculty staff employees. Voluntary retirement programs are also available to invest before\- or after\-tax dollars with the choice of five quality retirement plan providers.

  




Time Off\- A generous leave program offers multiple paid leave options:

  



Front\-loaded Paid Time Off: 128 to 208 hours (16 to 26 days) of Paid Time Off based on years of service, given at the start of each fiscal year. PTO may be prorated in year one based on date of hire.

  



Extended Illness Bank: 8 hours (1 day) accrued per month which can be used for illness or injury after one day of Paid Time Off is taken.

  



Paid Family Leave: Up to 240 hours (6 weeks) to care for a spouse, child, or parent after 6 months of consecutive employment.

  



Holidays: 12 set paid holidays each fiscal year.

  



FSAs\- Employees can enroll in flexible spending accounts (FSAs) to set aside money from earnings before taxes for qualifying dependent day care expenses or out\-of\-pocket health care expenses.

  




Discounts\- Employees enjoy a range of discounts on services, tickets, and gym membership.

  



*UT Health San Antonio is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer including protected veterans and persons with disabilities. All faculty appointments are designated as security sensitive positions.*
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=feb80ae4e98a5e08
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 16：
title: Faculty.Professor.Research Assistant - Full-Time
school: University of Pittsburgh
location: Pittsburgh, PA, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: **Faculty.Professor.Research Assistant \- Full\-Time**


GSPH\-Infectious Diseases \& Microbiology \- Pennsylvania\-Pittsburgh \- (25000721\)  

The Department of Infectious Diseases and Microbiology in the School of Public Health at the University of Pittsburgh is recruiting a full\-time faculty member in the non\-tenure stream at the rank of Research Assistant Professor. The ideal candidate will hold a PhD, MD, or DVM with post\-doctoral training in areas related to infectious diseases and microbiology. Research areas involving Emerging or Re\-emerging Arboviral Diseases, B\-cell memory and antibody responses, and the mechanism of immunity and pathogenesis. Evidence of collaboration and success in these and related areas is required. Demonstrated evidence of scholarly productivity and independent investigator status is required. The academic responsibilities of this position include conducting cutting\-edge externally funded research to advance the understanding and control of infectious diseases, mentoring and advising students, teaching in the department’s master's and doctoral programs, and training our students in research, practice, and scientific methods. The salary will be commensurate with background and experience. The successful candidate should demonstrate teaching ability, experience in advanced study and research, or professional experience of a kind that would enable them to make an academic contribution. They should exhibit promise of originality and excellence in some field of scholarship and should demonstrate ability in guiding and counseling students.



Review of applications will commence upon receipt of all application materials and will continue until the position has been filled. Please apply through requisition \#25000721 through join.pitt.edu. The following documents are required and should be uploaded to your profile as part of your application:



* CV


* Cover Letter


* Personal/Research Statement


* Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Statement.


* Teaching Statement


* Teaching Evaluations


* List names and contact information for three referees.



The University of Pittsburgh is committed to championing all aspects of diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility within our community. This commitment is a fundamental value of the University and is crucial in helping us advance our mission, which includes attracting and retaining diverse workforces. We will continue to create and maintain an environment that allows individuals to discover, belong, contribute, and grow while honoring the experiences, perspectives, and unique identities of all.

  

Please submit the following items to complete your application.



* CV


* Cover Letter


* Personal/Research Statement


* Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Statement


* Teaching Statement


* Teaching Evaluations


* List names and contact information for three referees
 *The University of Pittsburgh is committed to championing all aspects of diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility within our community. This commitment is a fundamental value of the University and is crucial in helping us advance our mission, which includes attracting and retaining diverse workforces. We will continue to create and maintain an environment that allows individuals to discover, belong, contribute, and grow, while honoring the experiences, perspectives, and unique identities of all.*

 *The University of Pittsburgh is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and values equality of opportunity, human dignity and diversity. EOE, including disability/vets.*

  

**Assignment Category****:** Full\-time regular**Bargaining Unit Eligibility****:** This position may be bargaining unit eligible**Campus****:** Pittsburgh**Child Protection Clearances****:** Not Applicable**Required Attachments****:** Cover Letter, Curriculum Vitae, Teaching Statement, Teaching Evaluations, Other (see posting for additional details)
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=dc06ddb65bfd4002
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 17：
title: Asst/Assoc/full Professor (RN license required)
school: University of Wisconsin–Madison
location: Madison, WI, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: ### **Job Summary:**


The School of Nursing at the University of Wisconsin\-Madison is seeking productive nurse scientists to join our tenure track faculty. Successful candidates will join a vibrant and collaborative group of scientists and scholars conducting innovative and impactful research aimed at improving health care services and individual and population health across the lifespan. We seek candidates who will develop and maintain robust externally funded research programs. Candidates with research programs that generate new knowledge, in one or more of the following recruitment priority areas are strongly encouraged to apply:
  

  

* Aging and care of older adults
* Maternal/child health
* Health equity
* Health systems or public health
* Informatics/data science/artificial intelligence
* Mental health and/or substance use
* Symptom science and/or palliative care

  

Successful candidates for these positions will also teach courses aligned with their expertise in Baccalaureate, Doctor of Nursing Practice (DNP), and PhD programs, and will mentor undergraduate honors and graduate students in research and scholarship. Service to the school, university, and profession, and meaningful contributions to creating inclusive excellence are expectations of tenure track faculty.
  

  

The UW\-Madison School of Nursing has enhanced health care through teaching, scholarship, and research for over 100 years. We are the \#1 nursing school in Wisconsin according to U.S. News and World Report. Additionally, UW\-Madison ranks among the top 15 U.S. public universities and surpasses $1 billion in annual research expenditures.
  

  

Our home, Signe Skott Cooper Hall, showcases the power, impact, and future of nursing with high\-fidelity simulation labs, 25 research suites, an active\-learning classroom complex, exercise spaces, self\-care rooms, and an accessible auditorium.
  

  

Our School is in the heart of Madison, near Lake Mendota and the Lakeshore Nature Preserve that serves as home to many migratory birds such as sandhill cranes, frequent visitors to our courtyard. Often voted one of the best places to live in the U.S., Madison blends green spaces and urban areas; outdoor recreation and vibrant city life; stimulating cultural offerings and lively festivals.
  

  

From our world\-class facilities and research opportunities to our commitment to health equity, diversity, and inclusion and culture of wellness, we encourage collaboration, innovation, and growth for everyone at our School.
### **Responsibilities:**


Tenure\-track faculty at the University of Wisconsin\-Madison School of Nursing conduct research, teach courses, mentor students, and contribute to school, university, community, and professional activities through academic citizenship, service, and leadership.
  

  

RESEARCH RESPONSIBILITIES
  

* Successful candidates will be expected to develop and maintain a collaborative, innovative, robust, and highly visible research program that entails conceptualizing, designing, and conducting research studies; managing research staff; following all research compliance policies; disseminating research results; and seeking extramural research funding. Research programs should be consistent with national nursing, aging, maternal child health, health equity, health systems, informatics, mental health, symptom science, or palliative care priorities for extramural funding.

  

TEACHING RESPONSIBILITIES
  

* Successful candidates will be expected to teach courses aligned with their expertise at Baccalaureate and/or graduate levels. Teaching may include co\-teaching in active learning environments and interprofessional education with health sciences students and faculty. Teaching may include face\-to\-face, blended, and online delivery.
* Research mentoring of undergraduate honors students, PhD students, and postdoctoral trainees/fellows is expected.

  

SERVICE RESPONSIBILITIES
  

* Successful candidates will be expected to actively contribute to school, university, community, and professional committees and other activities through academic service.
* Tenure\-track faculty members positively contribute to the School of Nursing and University of Wisconsin\-Madison goals for diversity and inclusive excellence.

### **Institutional Statement on Diversity:**


Diversity is a source of strength, creativity, and innovation for UW\-Madison. We value the contributions of each person and respect the profound ways their identity, culture, background, experience, status, abilities, and opinion enrich the university community. We commit ourselves to the pursuit of excellence in teaching, research, outreach, and diversity as inextricably linked goals.  

  

The University of Wisconsin\-Madison fulfills its public mission by creating a welcoming and inclusive community for people from every background \- people who as students, faculty, and staff serve Wisconsin and the world.

  

### **Education:**


Required  

PhD  

Earned research doctorate (PhD or equivalent) in Nursing or related field. If earned research doctorate is not in nursing, a graduate degree in nursing is required.


### **Qualifications:**


Well\-qualified candidates must show evidence of the following:
  

  

* Research training or experience in conducting health\-related research projects
* Potential for developing an outstanding scholarly research program
* A record of research dissemination through publications and/or presentations
* Potential for securing extramural grant funding
* Knowledge and/or emerging skills to teach and mentor at undergraduate or graduate levels in nursing or health\-related field
* Potential for contribution to the outreach and service missions of the School of Nursing
* Ability to work effectively within a diverse community, and commitment to promoting a climate of inclusivity and belonging within our campus and associated communities
* For appointment at the rank of Associate or full Professor, a substantial nationally recognized record of research, publication, teaching, and service meeting UW\-Madison and School of Nursing tenure standards is required.

  

Candidates are required to have or be eligible for Wisconsin RN license on or before the first day of employment.
### **Work Type:**


Full Time: 100%  

  

Onsite with remote work flexibility\-it is anticipated that this position requires work to be performed in\-person, onsite, at designated campus work locations when necessary or at other locations or using remote work technology as needed or preferred.


### **Appointment Type, Duration:**


Ongoing/Renewable


### **Anticipated Begin Date:**


AUGUST 18, 2025


### **Salary:**


Negotiable
  

ACADEMIC (9 months)
  

Actual pay will depend on experience and qualifications. In addition to base pay, the employee in this position can expect to receive benefits such as paid sick leave, competitive insurances and savings accounts, and employer sponsored retirement benefits.


### **Additional Information:**


A competitive recruitment and selection process was conducted for this employment opportunity and a U.S. worker was not selected. An application for Alien Employment Certification is being filed on behalf of an alien to fill the employment opportunity. Anyone with documentary evidence relative to the application, or available workers, wages and/or working conditions, may contact the Regional Certifying Office of the Department of Labor at the following address:  

  

U.S Department of Labor
  

Employment and Training Administration
  

Office of Foreign Labor Certification
  

200 Constitution Avenue, NW Room N\-5311  

Washington, DC 20210


### **How to Apply:**


The position has been filled. This posting is mandatory to meet a United States Department of Labor requirement. See the job posting for more details.


### **Contact:**


Samantha Noordhoek  

noordhoek@wisc.edu  

608\-262\-0051  

Relay Access (WTRS): 7\-1\-1\. See RELAY\_SERVICE for further information.


### **Official Title:**


Professor(FA020\) or Associate Professor(FA030\) or Assistant Professor(FA040\)


### **Department(s):**


A54\-SCHOOL OF NURSING/FACULTY AFFAIRS/ADMIN


### **Employment Class:**


Faculty


### **Job Number:**


315954\-FA

  

### **The University of Wisconsin\-Madison is an Equal Opportunity Employer.**


Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, including but not limited to, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, pregnancy, disability, or status as a protected veteran and other bases as defined by federal regulations and UW System policies. We promote excellence by acknowledging skills and expertise from all backgrounds and encourage all qualified individuals to apply.  

  

To request a disability or pregnancy\-related accommodation for any step in the hiring process (e.g., application, interview, pre\-employment testing, etc.), please contact the Division Disability Representative (DDR) in the division you are applying to. Please make your request as soon as possible to help the university respond most effectively to you.  

  

Employment may require a criminal background check. It may also require you and your references to answer questions regarding sexual violence and sexual harassment.  

  

The University of Wisconsin System will not reveal the identities of applicants who request confidentiality in writing, except that the identity of the successful candidate will be released. See Wis. Stat. sec. 19\.36(7\).  

  

The Annual Security and Fire Safety Report contains current campus safety and disciplinary policies, crime statistics for the previous 3 calendar years, and on\-campus student housing fire safety policies and fire statistics for the previous 3 calendar years. UW\-Madison will provide a paper copy upon request; please contact the University of Wisconsin Police Department.
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=65210dfcd3a33083
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 18：
title: Director, Connecticut Veterinary Medical Diagnostic Laboratory (CVMDL) / Associate or Full Clinical Professor, Department of Pathobiology and Veterinary Science
school: University of Connecticut
location: Storrs, CT, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: **Director, Connecticut Veterinary Medical Diagnostic Laboratory (CVMDL) / Associate or Full Clinical Professor, Department of Pathobiology and Veterinary Science**
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  


**Search \#:** 499035  

**Work type:** Full\-time  

**Location:** Storrs Campus  

**Categories:** Faculty Department Head/Director  


**JOB SUMMARY**



The Department of Pathobiology and Veterinary Science (PVS) in the College of Agriculture, Health and Natural Resources (CAHNR), University of Connecticut (UConn), invites applications for a Director for the Connecticut Veterinary Medical Diagnostic Laboratory (CVMDL). The position will be a non\-tenure track, clinical faculty position at the rank of Associate or Full Clinical Professor. The appointment includes directing the CVMDL and contributing to departmental teaching.



The CVMDL is a nationally recognized veterinary diagnostic laboratory located on the UConn Storrs campus. It is accredited by the American Association of Veterinary Laboratory Diagnosticians – the only veterinary diagnostic laboratory in New England with this accreditation – which certifies the laboratory’s quality and competence through a rigorous Quality Management System. The CVMDL is a member of national and regional laboratory groups, including the National Animal Health Laboratory Network (NAHLN), the Veterinary Laboratory Investigation and Response Network (Vet\-LiRN), and the New England Wildlife Disease Cooperative (NWDC), and is a National Poultry Improvement Plan (NPIP) authorized laboratory. The Diagnostic Testing Services (DTS) section within the CVMDL manages the coordination and delivery of routine and specialized diagnostic tests.



The CVMDL holds a Level 2 NAHLN status and handles over 90,000 diagnostic specimens and more than 2,000 pathology cases annually. These pathology cases are diverse, encompassing specimens from livestock, companion animals, zoos, aquariums, wildlife, and laboratory animal species.



In recent years, CVMDL has made significant investments exceeding $2 million in facility and equipment upgrades. These enhancements include improvements to the Histology and Necropsy units, the addition of a Next Generation Sequencing laboratory, expanded capacity in the Molecular Diagnostics section, and the incorporation of a Bruker MALDI\-TOF system in the Microbiology section.



The CVMDL provides high\-quality diagnostic services to clients including veterinarians, members of the agricultural industry, owners of companion, zoo, and aquatic animals, stewards of Connecticut wildlife, and residents of Connecticut, New England, and beyond. The CVMDL strives to work cooperatively with federal and state veterinary agencies to enhance disease surveillance and response. The successful candidate will provide dynamic leadership to the CVMDL, engage key stakeholders, including federal and state agencies, develop new programmatic initiatives, and expand its partnerships and collaborations within the Department, University, State and beyond. Specifically, the Director will:


* Oversee the successful and timely delivery of veterinary diagnostic and necropsy services.
* Supervise and mentor the activities of faculty, staff, and students working or studying in the CVMDL.
* Ensure quality service complying with accreditation and membership standards of AAVLD, NAHLN, NPIP, and Vet\-LiRN.
* Liaise with state and federal veterinarians and agencies on animal health and zoonotic diseases, providing professional expertise, diagnostic support, and the timely reporting of results.
* Assess and expand CVMDL offerings to address evolving markets, technologies, and needs.
* Develop and nurture active relationships with key partners in industry, foundations, government and other stakeholders with the objective of building relationships that support new strategic initiatives.
* Enhance the research and development activities of the laboratory to improve and advance diagnostic technology.
* Provide oversight of CVMDL budgetary activities, including securing external funding to support the activities and programs of CVMDL.
* Engage in and expand the CVMDL’s role in Extension, communicating technical information clearly and concisely to both technical and non\-technical audiences such as clients, community members, and media.
* Align research interests (including grantsmanship and publications) with CVMDL diagnostic caseload.
* Pursue opportunities for international or field\-based activities, such as foreign animal disease surveillance, for which the lab is approved.
* Ensure compliance with all university, state, and federal policies.


The Department of Pathobiology and Veterinary Science is the leading infectious disease and diagnostic unit on the Storrs campus. The department’s research focuses on the pathogenesis of infectious diseases, medical microbiology (bacteriology and virology), pathology, and immunology. It is home to the CVMDL and the Center of Excellence for Vaccine Research (CEVR). The department undergraduate major offers a Pre\-Health concentration for professional careers (Veterinary, Medical, Dental, and Physician Assistant schools), a Global Health concentration for students with an interest in Public Health and One Health careers, and a Medical Biotechnology concentration for students interested in careers with the biomedical/biotech industry, as well as research hospitals and medical centers. As a faculty member, the successful candidate will:


* Participate in the Department's educational mission of undergraduate and graduate teaching.
* Perform University, College, and Departmental services.
* Contribute to a culture of academic and professional excellence through impactful research, teaching, leadership, mentoring, and service that strengthens our commitment to broad engagement and high standards in higher education.


Founded in 1881, UConn is a Land Grant and Sea Grant institution and member of the Space Grant Consortium. It is the state’s flagship institution of higher education and includes a main campus in Storrs, CT, four regional campuses throughout the state, and 14 Schools and Colleges, including the Ratcliffe Hicks School of Agriculture, our Law School in Hartford, and Medical and Dental Schools at the UConn Health campus in Farmington. The University has approximately 10,000 faculty and staff and over 32,000 students, including 24,000 undergraduates and 8,000 graduate and professional students. UConn is a Carnegie Foundation R1 (highest research activity) institution, among the top public universities in the nation.



The University serves as a beacon of academic and research excellence as well as a center for innovation and social service to communities. The University prioritizes scholarships in areas that include health and environmental sustainability, and offers significant opportunity for cross\-disciplinary, collaborative scholarships in several areas including healthy and active communities, shoreline and community resilience, storm water management and green infrastructure, sustainable cities, landscape ecology, multi\-modal transportation, and digital visualization and spatial analytics. UConn has been recognized as one of the most sustainable and environmentally friendly campuses by a national publication of Sierra magazine. Through research, teaching, service, and outreach, UConn embraces diversity and inclusion, and cultivates leadership, integrity, and engaged citizenship in its students, faculty, staff, and alumni.



The position offers competitive support and salary, quality research space, and a dynamic intellectual environment. The University of Connecticut maintains state\-of\-the\-art core facilities that deliver support in several areas including microscopy, imaging, flow cytometry and cell sorting, genomics, transcriptomics, proteomics, bioinformatics, animal maintenance and animal experimentation (https://core.uconn.edu/). The Department and the adjacent research Departments within UConn Colleges and Schools (https://clas.uconn.edu/; https://pharmacy.uconn.edu/; https://www.engr.uconn.edu/) provide a highly interactive scientific community.


**MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS**



* DVM or equivalent/comparable veterinary degree.


* Five years of veterinary diagnostic laboratory or closely related veterinary/laboratory work experience, with demonstrated fiscal responsibility.


* Demonstrated ability to secure external funding in support of diagnostic laboratory activities and programs.


* Excellent written and oral communication skills.



**PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS**



* PhD in pathology, microbiology, immunology, or other field related to the mission of the CVMDL and Department.


* Additional experience in diagnostic laboratory leadership.


* Experience in regulatory, policy, and/or quality assurance.


* Experience in personnel management.


* Demonstrated leadership and entrepreneurial track record.


* Professional veterinary board certification (e.g., ACVP, ACVM, etc.).



**APPOINTMENT TERMS**



This is a full\-time, 11\-month, non\-tenure\-track faculty appointment at the Associate or Full Clinical Professor rank, serving as Director of the CVMDL, with the potential to also serve as Section Head of DTS, based on qualifications and departmental needs. The anticipated start date is January 1, 2026\. Salary and rank will be commensurate with qualifications and experience.



The University offers a competitive salary, and outstanding benefits, including employee and dependent tuition waivers at UConn, and a highly desirable work environment. For additional information regarding benefits visit: https://hr.uconn.edu/health\-benefits/.


**TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT**



Employment of the successful candidate is contingent upon the successful completion of a pre\-employment criminal background check.
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=06474108c855a024
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 19：
title: Medical Director, Aortic Disease (Cardiology Non-Invasive, Non-Tenure-Eligible Clinician-Educator)
school: Northwestern University
location: Chicago, IL, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: The Department of Medicine, Division of Cardiology at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine and Bluhm Cardiovascular (BCVI) Institute seek a full\-time non\-tenure\-eligible Clinician\-Educator at the rank of Associate or Full Professor who will serve as Medical Director of the newly formed Comprehensive Aorta Center (CAC) in the BCVI. Responsibilities include supporting the clinical, research, and educational mission of the CAC along with the Surgical Director of the CAC. This is a rapidly growing high\-volume program with multiple options for Aortic surgery, outstanding clinical results, collaborations with 4D MRI Flow clinical and research programs, multimodality imaging, the BCVI Center for Artificial Intelligence, a tissue bank with a research track record, the Mehlman Bicuspid Aortic Valve Program, a “Code Aorta” program for acute aortic dissections (90 per year), and a genetic aortopathy program. A list of relevant publications is available upon request.


Qualified candidates must be ambitious and highly motivated to lead this exceptional opportunity. At a minimum candidates need a strong background in cardiovascular medicine and aortic diseases, must have completed an ACGME\-accredited cardiology fellowship program, hold board certification in cardiology, and have a strong record of peer\-reviewed publications that demonstrates research productivity. Clinical responsibilities include attending on the inpatient cardiology consult service and ambulatory clinic.


Salary is commensurate with experience. The start date is negotiable and the position will remain open until filled.

  

The expected base pay range for this position is $330,000 \- $410,000\.


Northwestern University has provided a pay range representing its good faith estimate of what the university reasonably expects to pay for the position. The pay offered to the selected candidate will be determined based on factors including (but not limited to) the experience and qualifications of the selected candidate including years since terminal degree, training, and field or discipline; departmental budget availability; internal comparators; and external market pay for comparable jobs.


Benefits  

At Northwestern, we are proud to provide meaningful and competitive benefits. Visit us at https://www.northwestern.edu/hr/benefits/index.html to learn more.


When applying, please upload a CV and cover letter describing your interest and alignment with the position.


Also upload this completed list of references form to suggest the names of individuals who could write letters of reference on your behalf.  

  

Please read ALL instructions and make preparations before proceeding to the application page:

* Applications will **only** be accepted via online submission (see link below).
* Please prepare all documents in advance as Adobe PDF files, and please be sure all information is entered correctly and accurately (especially names and email addresses), as there will be no opportunity for online revision after your application has been submitted.
* All required fields in the application form are marked with an asterisk and must be filled before clicking the “Submit” button.
* Be aware that incomplete applications cannot be saved.


Applications accepted here: Apply for Job
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4a24529638c8e7a9
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 20：
title: Non-Tenure-Eligible Cardiology Clinician-Educator
school: Northwestern University
location: Chicago, IL, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: The Division of Cardiology in the Department of Medicine at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine seeks a full\-time, non\-tenure\-eligible Clinician\-Educator at the rank of Assistant through full Professor. Responsibilities may include supporting the nuclear medicine lab, supporting cardiac MRI services, and attending on the inpatient cardiology service and the ambulatory clinic.


Qualified candidates must have a strong background in cardiovascular medicine, have completed an ACGME\-accredited cardiology fellowship program, hold board\-certification in cardiology, and preferably have a strong and/or developing record of peer\-reviewed publications that demonstrate research productivity and the ability to obtain extramural funding support.


In addition to the skills as noted, the successful candidate will be expected to provide leadership, mentorship and training as appropriate to medical students, residents, fellowship trainees and/or graduate students. Salary is commensurate with experience. The start date is negotiable and the position will remain open until filled.


The expected base pay range for this position is $280,000 \- $310,000\.


Northwestern University has provided a pay range representing its good faith estimate of what the university reasonably expects to pay for the position. The pay offered to the selected candidate will be determined based on factors including (but not limited to) the experience and qualifications of the selected candidate including years since terminal degree, training, and field or discipline; departmental budget availability; internal comparators; and external market pay for comparable jobs.


Benefits  

At Northwestern, we are proud to provide meaningful and competitive benefits. Visit us at https://www.northwestern.edu/hr/benefits/index.html to learn more.


When applying, please upload a CV and cover letter describing your interest and alignment with the position.  

  

Please read ALL instructions and make preparations before proceeding to the application page:

* Applications will **only** be accepted via online submission (see link below).
* Please prepare all documents in advance as Adobe PDF files, and please be sure all information is entered correctly and accurately (especially names and email addresses), as there will be no opportunity for online revision after your application has been submitted.
* All required fields in the application form are marked with an asterisk and must be filled before clicking the “Submit” button.
* Be aware that incomplete applications cannot be saved.


Applications accepted here: Apply for Job
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=3c6045993e4daad2
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 21：
title: Section Chief - Academic Transplant Hepatologist
school: Northwestern University
location: Chicago, IL, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: The Division of Gastroenterology and Hepatology at the Feinberg School of Medicine seeks a full\-time non\-tenure\-eligible Clinician\-Educator at the rank of Professor. This leadership role will be responsible for implementation of the mission and strategic plan to enhance the operations and clinical quality of the Section of Hepatology. Responsibilities include providing superior clinical patient care for a thriving hepatology transplant practice. Additionally, involvement in the education of medical students, residents and fellows is expected, as well as participation in other academic activities.


Qualified candidates will have their MD and be board certified in Transplant Hepatology and Gastroenterology.


The start date is negotiable and the position will remain open until filled.


The expected base pay range for this position is $340,000 \- $440,000\.


Northwestern University has provided a pay range representing its good faith estimate of what the university reasonably expects to pay for the position. The pay offered to the selected candidate will be determined based on factors including (but not limited to) the experience and qualifications of the selected candidate including years since terminal degree, training, and field or discipline; departmental budget availability; internal comparators; and external market pay for comparable jobs.


Benefits  

At Northwestern, we are proud to provide meaningful and competitive benefits. Visit us at https://www.northwestern.edu/hr/benefits/index.html to learn more.


When applying, please upload a CV and cover letter describing your interest and alignment with the position.


Also upload this completed list of references form to suggest the names of individuals who could write letters of reference on your behalf.  

  

Please read ALL instructions and make preparations before proceeding to the application page:

* Applications will **only** be accepted via online submission (see link below).
* Please prepare all documents in advance as Adobe PDF files, and please be sure all information is entered correctly and accurately (especially names and email addresses), as there will be no opportunity for online revision after your application has been submitted.
* All required fields in the application form are marked with an asterisk and must be filled before clicking the “Submit” button.
* Be aware that incomplete applications cannot be saved.


Applications accepted here: Apply for Job
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=093551a574392e63
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 22：
title: Assistant Professor - Assistant Director of Clinical Services
school: Emory University
location: Atlanta, GA, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: Discover Your Career at Emory University:

Emory University is a leading research university that fosters excellence and attracts world\-class talent to innovate today and prepare leaders for the future. We welcome candidates who can contribute to the excellence of our academic community.
Description:

Emory University Student Health Services and the Departments of Family and Preventive Medicine and General Internal Medicine seek candidates for the position of a **Clinical Provider with additional Assistant Director duties at Emory University Student Health Services** (EUSHS). This administrative faculty physician reports directly to the Senior Director of Clinical Services (SDCS).  

Job Description:
This administrative position is instrumental in maintaining the high quality, inclusive, evidence\-based care which supports the success of our diverse, bright, and ambitious students. As part of the Executive Leadership Team at EUSHS, the Assistant Director aids the SDCS in the daily operations of the clinic to ensure high quality, integrated clinical services for students and dependent patients. The ideal candidate must have a working knowledge of efficient, collaborative outpatient medical care, preferably within a student health center or a practice that caters to a young adult population. Serving as the clinical lead for the Immunization Compliance team comprised of Nursing staff, this position elevates our commitment to ensuring the safety of our student community from a public health standpoint. The Assistant Director also serves as the clinical lead for two additionally important service lines: Allergy and Travel Clinics.  

Essential Responsibilities:  

Clinical Care (70\-80%)* Provides direct outpatient primary care physician medical services (including Travel, Immunizations and Allergy) to Emory students and their adult dependents.
* Proficient in Primary Care, Urgent Care and Sexual and Reproductive Health Care for a young adult population (preferably student health related care including contraception, eating disorder management, transgender care, and mental health treatment).
* Experience in procedural skills such as suturing, incision and drainage and minor excisions. Sexual and Reproductive Health procedural experience preferred (IUD, colposcopies, Nexplanon insertions).
* Proficiency or willingness to engage in care through a telemedicine platform.
* Supports trainees at EUSHS, including Family and Preventive Medicine and General Internal Medicine residents.

  

Administrative (20\-30%)* Works in collaboration with the SDCS to ensure the quality of medical services, and to improve workflows to increase access and optimization of care.
* Represents the SDCS when he/she is on leave or otherwise absent
* Serves as the clinical lead for Immunization Compliance, Travel and Allergy Clinics.
* Facilitates weekly clinical provider meetings.
* Contributes to continuing education of providers through clinical case reviews, literature reviews, and guest speakers
* Focuses on several areas, including program and policy development awareness
* Other duties as identified to support students in their academic success and well\-being during their tenure at Emory.

**Position Requirements:** MD or DO from an accredited medical or osteopathic medical school; completion of an accredited residency program and board certification in Family Medicine, Internal Medicine, Pediatrics, Med\-Peds, Pediatrics\-Adolescent Medicine, or Obstetrics\-Gynecology; five (5\) years of post\-residency experience in practicing medicine in an ambulatory care environment; three (3\) years of supervisory and administrative leadership experience; academic and professional accomplishments consistent with appointment as a Professor/Associate Professor/Assistant Professor in the Department of Family and Preventive Medicine and General Internal Medicine, Emory University School of Medicine; **Preferred Skills**
Superior communication, interpersonal and leadership skills; ability to work collaboratively with colleagues and departments in a complex and vibrant university and academic healthcare setting; and competency in the use of electronic health records. Preference will be given to candidates with experience in a college health setting and experience with AAAHC or Joint Commission Accreditations standards and processes.
Additional Details :

Emory is an equal opportunity employer, and qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by state or federal law. Emory University does not discriminate in admissions, educational programs, or employment, including recruitment, hiring, promotions, transfers, discipline, terminations, wage and salary administration, benefits, and training. Students, faculty, and staff are assured of participation in university programs and in the use of facilities without such discrimination. Emory University complies with Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Era Veteran's Readjustment Assistance Act, and applicable executive orders, federal and state regulations regarding nondiscrimination, equal opportunity, and affirmative action (for protected veterans and individuals with disabilities). Inquiries regarding this policy should be directed to the Emory University Department of Equity and Civil Rights Compliance, 201 Dowman Drive, Administration Building, Atlanta, GA 30322\. Telephone: 404\-727\-9867 (V) \| 404\-712\-2049 (TDD).  

Emory University is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities upon request. To request this document in an alternate format or to request a reasonable accommodation, please contact the Department of Accessibility Services at 404\-727\-9877 (V) \| 404\-712\-2049 (TDD). Please note that one week's advance notice is preferred.
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4c3acc6ce98e64ab
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 23：
title: Visiting Assistant Professor of Excercise Physiology
school: University of North Texas
location: Denton, TX, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: **Title:** Visiting Assistant Professor of Excercise Physiology


**Employee Classification:** Visiting Assistant Professor


**Campus:** University of North Texas


**Division:** UNT\-Provost


**SubDivision\-Department:** UNT\-College of Education


**Department:** UNT\-Kinesiolgy, Hlth Promo, \& Rec\-132320


**Job Location:** Denton


**Salary:** Compensation is competitive and commensurate with the candidates qualifications, experience, and discipline, in acordance with university guidelines and available funding.


**FTE:** 1\.00


**Retirement Eligibility:** ORP Eligible


**About Us \- Values Overview:**



Welcome to the University of North Texas System. The UNT System includes the University of North Texas in Denton and Frisco, the University of North Texas at Dallas and UNT Dallas College of Law, and the University of North Texas Health Science Center at Fort Worth. We are the only university system based exclusively in the robust Dallas\-Fort Worth region. We are growing with the North Texas region, employing more than 14,000 employees, educating a record 49,000\+ students across our system, and awarding nearly 12,000 degrees each year.

We are one team comprised of individuals who are committed to excellence, curiosity and innovation. We are transforming lives and creating economic opportunity through education. We champion a people\-first values\-based culture where We Care about each other and those we serve. We believe that we are Better Together because we foster an environment of respect, belonging, and access for all. We demonstrate Courageous Integrity through setting exceptional standards and acting in the best interest of our communities. We are encouraged to Be Curious about opportunities for learning, creating, discovering, and innovating, and are encouraged to learn from failure. Show Your Fire by joining our team and exhibiting your passion and pride in your work as part of our UNT System team.

Learn more about the UNT System and how we live our values at www.UNTSystem.edu.
**Department Summary**



The Department of Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation has over 1,300 undergraduate majors and 100 graduate students (MS and PhD) across several specializations including sport and exercise psychology, exercise physiology, and sport pedagogy; PhD students are trained through collaborative programs with other UNT departments. Research facilities include the Sport and Exercise Psychophysiology Laboratory, Behavioral Neuroscience Research Laboratory, Sport Physical Activity and Health Laboratory, Applied Physiology Laboratory, Physical Activity and Psychomotor Learning Laboratory, and Integrated Metabolism and Disease Prevention Laboratory.
  

  

The University of North Texas is a student\-focused, public, research university located in Denton, Texas. Denton is a town of 136,000 people located in the Dallas\-FT. Worth Metroplex.  

UNT has a highly diverse campus with a wide range of languages spoken in addition to English. We welcome candidates who have experience with HSI/MSIs and/or who speak Spanish, Vietnamese, American Sign Language, Chinese (Cantonese, Mandarin and other variations), Arabic, Tagalog, Farsi, French, or/and Yoruba.


**Position Overview**



This is a 9\-month non\-tenure track position with the potential for renewal based on departmental needs and availability of funds. This role will teach undergraduate and graduate courses in Kinesiology.


**Minimum Qualifications**



Earned doctoral degree in Kinesiology, exercise physiology, or closely related area.  

Ability to teach undergraduate and graduate courses in Kinesiology.


**Preferred Qualifications**



Experience teaching at the collegiate level. Ability to teach exercise physiology and related courses.


**Required License/Registration/Certifications**

  


**Work Schedule:**



Varies


**Driving University Vehicle:**



No


**Security Sensitive:**



This is a Security Sensitive Position.


**Special Instructions:**



Applicants must submit a minimum of two professional references as part of their application. If needed, additional references can be added after the application has been submitted.


**Benefits:**



For information regarding our Benefits, click here.


**EEO Statement:**



The University of North Texas System is firmly committed to equal opportunity and does not permit \- and takes actions to prevent \- discrimination, harassment (including sexual violence, domestic violence, dating violence and stalking) and retaliation on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, genetic information, or veteran status in its application, employment practices and facilities; nor permits race, color, national origin, religion, age, disability, veteran status, or sex discrimination and harassment in its admissions processes, and educational programs and activities, facilities and employment practices. The University of North Texas System promptly investigates complaints of discrimination, harassment and related retaliation and takes remedial action when appropriate. The University of North Texas System also takes actions to prevent retaliation against individuals who oppose any form of harassment or discriminatory practice, file a charge or report, or testify, assist or participate in an investigative proceeding or hearing.
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=89f6b7f912ecb9a6
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 24：
title: Assistant Professor of Mathematics, Tenure-track, 10-month
school: Harford Community College
location: Bel Air, MD, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: **Posting Category** Full\-time Faculty
  

**Starting salary range** $58,380\-$75,894
  

**Faculty Position (if applicable)** Tenure Track
  

**About Harford Community College**
Harford Community College (HCC) has been a vital part of Harford County since 1957\. As a mid\-sized, comprehensive institution, we’re committed to delivering high\-quality education and cultural enrichment to our community. Our mission is to provide relevant, accessible education and training that connects individuals to opportunities in an ever\-evolving world. As an Achieving the Dream institution, HCC is part of a national network dedicated to enhancing student success in community colleges. To learn more about our vision and values, visit our **website**.
  

**Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Statement**
Harford Community College is committed to the principles of Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity. It is the policy of Harford Community College not to discriminate against applicants on the basis of sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religious creed, national origin, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law with regard to any employment practices. HCC is an EEO and ADA/ADAA employer, including disability and protected veteran status.
  

**Benefits**
Excellent benefits package, including 2 weeks paid college break, 15 days of sick leave, and 20 hours paid personal leave. Eligible for health, vision and dental benefits, flexible spending accounts, identity theft plan, and legal benefit plan. Participation is required the mandatory retirement plan \& two optional retirement plans are available (403b with match after 1 year \& 457b). Receive paid basic life \& long\-term disability insurance; employee paid supplemental life insurance available. Tuition waiver for HCC classes and tuition reimbursement are also available!
  

**Job Description**
The purpose of this position is to perform teaching duties and professional service for the College. This is accomplished by providing instruction as assigned; conducting and assessing instruction; developing and/or modifying curriculum; assisting students through academic advising; establishing, posting, and maintaining office hours; providing leadership for the development, growth, and support of the College and the assigned area; and undertaking professional community service. Other duties include supporting the mission, vision and values of the College and policies of the Board of Trustees; serving on various College committees, task forces and other groups; and participating in various official College ceremonies and meetings.  

  

**This is a 10\-month, tenure\-track position, which will begin in August 2025\.**  

  

Employees of Harford Community College, including instructors for online and virtual courses, must be residents of Maryland or the contiguous states of Delaware, Pennsylvania, Virginia, West Virginia or the District of Columbia; non\-residents are expected to relocate to meet this requirement.  

  

**Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States, as the College does not offer Visa sponsorship for this position**

  

**Required Education**
Master’s degree in Mathematics
  

**Required Experience**
At least one year of full\-time or equivalent part\-time teaching experience, preferably in a community college setting, and a minimum of 18 graduate\-level credits in Mathematics, Mathematical Sciences, Statistics, or a closely related discipline
  

**Required Knowledge, Skills, \& Abilities**
* Ability to teach introduction to statistics, college algebra, and transitional math courses.
* Ability to create a culturally inclusive classroom experience.
* Demonstrated competency with current technology and learning management systems.
* Experience in assessment of student learning outcomes.
* Ability to interact in a collegial and collaborative manner with students, faculty, and staff.


  

**Preferred Qualifications**
* Ability to teach trigonometry.
* Demonstrated experience with student\-centered, evidence\-based instructional practices in mathematics education.
  


  

**Hours per Week** 40 \- 100%
  

**General Weekly Work Schedule**
Full\-time faculty teach 15 contact hours weekly in Fall and Spring semester and hold a minimum of five office hours per week. Course schedule as assigned.
  

Posting Detail Information
**Posting Number** 2025\-043FSFA
  

**Number of Vacancies** 1
  

**Open Date**
  

**Close Date** 06/17/2025
  

**Open Until Filled** No
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4ff0ebfeddc21695
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---

job 25：
title: Assistant/Associate/Full Professor (General)
school: University of South Carolina
location: Richland, SC, US
posted: 2025-05-29
description: **Posting Number** FAC00072PO25
  

**Advertised Title** Assistant/Associate/Full Professor (General)
  

**Campus** Columbia
  

**College/Division** School of Law
  

**Department** LAW School of Law
  

**Advertised Salary Range** Commensurate with experience
  

**Location of Vacancy**
  

**Part/Full Time** Full Time
  

**Hours per Week** 37\.5
  

**Position Category** Full\-time Equivalent (FTE)
  

**Basis** 9 months
  

**Work County** Richland
  

**Tenure Information** Tenure\-Track/Tenured
  

**Job Search Category** Faculty
  

About USC
**About University of South Carolina**
From the Upstate to the Lowcountry, the University of South Carolina system is transforming the lives of South Carolinians through the impact of our eight institutions and 20 locations throughout the state. More than 50,000 students are enrolled at one of eight institutions, including the research campus in Columbia and comprehensive four\-year universities in Aiken, Upstate and Beaufort. In addition, our Palmetto College campuses in Salkehatchie, Union, Lancaster and Sumter enable students to earn associate or bachelor’s degrees through a combination of in\-person, online or blended learning. All of our system institutions place strong emphasis on service — helping to build healthier, more educated communities in South Carolina and beyond.
  

Benefits for FTE Positions
The University of South Carolina (USC), through the State of SC and Public Employee Benefit Authority (PEBA), offers state employees a valuable benefits package, including health and life insurance, generous paid leave and retirement programs. To learn more about USC benefits, access the "Working at USC" section on the Applicant Portal at https://uscjobs.sc.edu.
Position Description
**Advertised Job Summary**
The University of South Carolina Joseph F. Rice School of Law seeks to hire multiple entry\-level and experienced faculty. We are especially interested in faculty who teach and write in the areas of Clinical Legal Education, Environmental Law, Business and Finance Law, International Law, Commercial Law and Bankruptcy, and Constitutional Law. Outstanding candidates from other areas will be considered and are encouraged to apply. Successful candidates will be hired on the tenure\-track or with tenure.  


  

**Required Education and Experience**
Candidates should have a Juris Doctor or equivalent degree. Additionally, a successful applicant should have a record of excellence in academia or in practice, the potential to be an outstanding teacher, and demonstrable scholarly promise.
  

**Preferred Qualifications**
Juris Doctor or equivalent degree. Additionally, a successful applicant should have a record of excellence in academia or in practice, the potential to be an outstanding teacher, and demonstrable scholarly promise.
  

Posting Detail Information
**Desired Start Date** 08/16/2027
  

**Job Open Date** 05/29/2025
  

**Job Close Date**
  

**Open Until Filled** Yes
  

**Special Instructions to Applicant**
*Positions are advertised for a minimum of five (5\) business days on our job website. After five (5\) business days, positions can be closed at the discretion of the department at any time. This position is open until filled. This employment site is updated on a regular basis. The length of the recruitment and screening process may vary from position to position, depending upon a variety of factors. Should review of your qualifications result in a decision to pursue your candidacy, you will be contacted by phone or email.*  


  

**Quicklink for Posting** https://uscjobs.sc.edu/postings/188094
  

**EEO Statement**
The University of South Carolina does not discriminate in educational or employment opportunities or decisions for qualified persons on the basis of age, ancestry, citizenship status, color, disability, ethnicity, familial status, gender (including transgender), gender identity or expression, genetic information, HIV/AIDs status, military status, national origin, pregnancy (false pregnancy, termination of pregnancy, childbirth, recovery therefrom or related medical conditions, breastfeeding), race, religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other bases under federal, state, local law, or regulations.
job_url: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=de22ff11a3e4996c
summary: [生成失败: 'parts']
---
**[Professor, Tenure Track - Chemical Engineering](https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=fa8daee54569e1bf)** 🌟🌟🌟
- **Location**: University of South Carolina (R1) at Richland, SC, US
- **Date**: 2025-05-28
- **Description**: The Department of Chemical Engineering is looking for dynamic tenured and tenure-track faculty members to support university-wide and state-wide initiatives related to batteries for EV and grid-scale applications.
---
**[Tenure- Track Assistant Professor of Mechanical Engineering](https://jobs.chronicle.com/job/37835911/tenure-track-assistant-professor-of-mechanical-engineering/?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟🌟
- **Location**: University of Texas at Tyler (R2) at Tyler, TX
- **Date**: 2025-05-21
- **Description**: This position is open to all areas of research, development, and innovation within Mechanical Engineering, with preference given to candidates whose work aligns with cutting-edge technological applications in areas such as, but not limited to, smart materials and intelligent manufacturing, autonomous platforms and machines, biomedical materials and devices, and related eco-systems.
---
**[CoE_Faculty__Industrial & Systems Engineering](https://careers.miami.edu/us/en/job/R100049291/CoE-Faculty-Industrial-Systems-Engineering?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟
- **Location**: University of Miami (R1) at Coral Gables, FL
- **Date**: 2025-05-19
- **Description**: Preference will be given to individuals with productive and active research experience in data analytics, machine learning, statistics, operations research, advanced manufacturing, and human-machine interfaces (HMI).
---
**[Tenure-track Assistant Professor in the Biomedical Engineering Department - 534825](https://neurojobs.sfn.org/job/38841/tenure-track-assistant-professor-in-the-biomedical-engineering-department-534825/?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟
- **Location**: Florida International University (R1) at Miami, FL
- **Date**: 2025-05-18
- **Description**: We are seeking highly qualified individuals with expertise and a proven research track record in methods for neuroimaging data analysis.
---
**[F0150 Tenure-Track Assistant or Associate Professor](https://www.jobs.virginia.gov/jobs/f0150-tenure-track-assistant-or-associate-professor-norfolk-virginia-united-states?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟🌟
- **Location**: Norfolk State University (R2) at Norfolk, VA
- **Date**: 2025-05-14
- **Description**: The successful candidate will join a cohesive faculty group in Optical and Electrical Engineering and be responsible for full participation in the management and oversight of research and education program offerings for undergraduate and graduate students.
---
**[Neuroscientist - Medical Faculty Open Rank (Basic) - MCBS](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4227422163)** 🌟
- **Location**: The City University of New York (R1) at New York, NY
- **Date**: 2025-05-10
- **Description**: We seek a productive neuroscientist who complements departmental strengths in systems and molecular neuroscience.
---
**[Professor, Tenure Track](https://careers.insidehighered.com/job/3346011/professor-tenure-track/?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟
- **Location**: University of South Carolina (R1) at Columbia, SC
- **Date**: 2025-05-10
- **Description**: We seek outstanding candidates with a background in operational research applied to engineering fields such as transportation engineering, healthcare, supply chain management, manufacturing, energy, environmental, systems design, or others.
---
**[Tenure-Track Assistant Professor Department of Engineering](https://www.higheredjobs.com/faculty/details.cfm?JobCode=179129327&utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟🌟
- **Location**: University of Tennessee at Martin at Martin, TN
- **Date**: 2025-05-08
- **Description**: A full-time tenure-track Assistant professor position in the Department of Engineering with a specialty in construction management.
---
**[Mining Engineering Assistant (or Associate) Professor](https://careers.alaska.edu/jobs/mining-engineering-assistant-or-associate-professor-fairbanks-alaska-united-states?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟🌟🌟
- **Location**: University of Alaska Fairbanks (R2) at Fairbanks, AK
- **Date**: 2025-05-07
- **Description**: Tenure-track faculty position in Mining and Mineral Engineering with preferred experience in hydro-metallurgy and geo-metallurgy, and critical mineral extraction.
---
**[Open-Rank Tenured/Tenure-Track Faculty Positions – Experiential Engineering Education](https://jobs.chronicle.com/job/37816047/open-rank-tenured-tenure-track-faculty-positions-experiential-engineering-education/?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟
- **Location**: Rowan University (R2) at Glassboro, NJ
- **Date**: TBD
- **Description**: Develop and maintain an active, externally funded research program in the field of engineering education.
---
**[Assistant Professor of Control and Systems Engineering- Tenure Track](https://jobs.chronicle.com/job/37817128/assistant-professor-of-control-and-systems-engineering-tenure-track/?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟
- **Location**: Central State University (R2) at Wilberforce, OH
- **Date**: TBD
- **Description**: Teach controls engineering courses such as Automatic Control, Robotics and Automation in the Manufacturing Engineering and Industrial Technology programs.
---
**[Tenure-Track Assistant/Associate Professor, College of Engineering, Department of Aerospace Engineering](https://www.higheredjobs.com/faculty/details.cfm?JobCode=178942941&utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟
- **Location**: Penn State (R1) at Pennsylvania
- **Date**: TBD
- **Description**: The position is intended for the rank of Assistant Professor, although exceptional applicants within the first 10 years of their faculty career may also be considered for the rank of Associate Professor.
---
**[Mechanical Engineering - Professor - 524775](https://careers.ua.edu/jobs/mechanical-engineering-professor-524775-tuscaloosa-alabama-united-states?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟🌟
- **Location**: The University of Alabama (R1) at Tuscaloosa, AL
- **Date**: TBD
- **Description**: Candidates with particular research emphasis and interests in the areas of: (1) Biomechanics and Biosystems Engineering, (2) Robotics and Mechatronics, (3) Sustainable Energy, Clean Energy, and Combustion, (4) Advanced Manufacturing including Integrated and Interconnected Systems, (5) Multi-scale Computation and Simulation, and (6) Micro/Nanoscale Systems and Engineering are of particular interest.
---
**[Tenure-Track/Tenured Faculty Position in Electrical Engineering](https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6a9130c678ad2584&utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟
- **Location**: Washington State University (R1) at Pullman, WA
- **Date**: TBD
- **Description**: Research emphasis will be on the power electronics and its applications to power systems.
---
**[Open-Rank, Tenured/Tenure-Track Civil Engineering Faculty](https://jobs.chronicle.com/job/37789975/open-rank-tenured-tenure-track-civil-engineering-faculty/?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟
- **Location**: George Mason University (R1) at Chantilly, VA
- **Date**: TBD
- **Description**: We seek outstanding candidates in the broad areas of Environmental and Water Resources Engineering.
---
**[Assistant Professor, Engineering and Technology](https://careers.eku.edu/jobs/assistant-professor-engineering-and-technology-richmond-campus-kentucky-united-states?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟🌟
- **Location**: Eastern Kentucky University (R2) at Kentucky
- **Date**: TBD
- **Description**: Candidates with expertise in one or more of the following areas are encouraged to apply: industrial and manufacturing processes, quality control and optimization, automation and robotics, mechatronics, materials science, engineering design, or solid/fluid mechanics.
---
**[Tenured/Tenure-Track: Open Rank and Title](https://www.higheredjobs.com/faculty/details.cfm?JobCode=178993157&utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟
- **Location**: Texas A&M University (R1) at College Station, TX
- **Date**: TBD
- **Description**: We are seeking candidates with expertise in drilling, reservoir, or production engineering.
---
**[Open Rank Professor, 9 Month Salaried (Tenure Track Faculty Position in Aerospace Engineering-F...](https://careers.insidehighered.com/job/3241299/open-rank-professor-9-month-salaried-tenure-track-faculty-position-in-aerospace-engineering-f-/?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟
- **Location**: Florida State University (R1) at Tallahassee, FL
- **Date**: TBD
- **Description**: The Department of Mechanical Engineering at the Florida A&M University-Florida State University College of Engineering is pleased to invite applications from highly qualified individuals for tenure-track faculty positions in the general area of aerospace engineering.
---
**[Open Rank, Tenure Track, National Security Satellite Technologies](https://careers.und.edu/jobs/open-rank-tenure-track-national-security-satellite-technologies-grand-forks-north-dakota-united-states-f4a8b0ed-d9ee-45f0-b0d5-5bc8a8635b3d?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟
- **Location**: University of North Dakota (R2) at Grand Forks, ND
- **Date**: TBD
- **Description**: The School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science seeks to fill two open-rank faculty positions in Electrical Engineering with a focus on areas related to satellite technologies.
---
**[Open Rank Tenured/Tenure-Track Faculty, Civil and Environmental Engineering](https://www.higheredjobs.com/faculty/details.cfm?JobCode=178954604&utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟🌟
- **Location**: Oklahoma State University (R1) at Stillwater, OK
- **Date**: TBD
- **Description**: The School of Civil and Environmental Engineering has research and teaching activities in structural engineering, environmental engineering, water resources engineering, geotechnical engineering, transportation engineering, construction materials, and construction.
---
**[Multiple Tenure-Track Faculty Positions (2024-2025 Hiring Cycle)](https://jobs.chronicle.com/job/37708256/multiple-tenure-track-faculty-positions-2024-2025-hiring-cycle-/?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟🌟
- **Location**: Carnegie Mellon University (R1) at Pittsburgh, PA
- **Date**: TBD
- **Description**: We have multiple tenure-track positions open to candidates from a broad range of engineering and scientific backgrounds.
---
**[Assistant/Associate/Full Professor](https://careers.k-state.edu/jobs/assistant-associate-full-professor-manhattan-kansas-united-states?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟🌟🌟
- **Location**: Kansas State University (R1) at Manhattan, KS
- **Date**: TBD
- **Description**: The college is interested in candidates who can contribute to the teaching and research mission of the college and university in the area of biomanufacturing systems engineering.
---
**[Assistant Professor Energy & Petroleum Engineering Tenure Track](https://careers.und.edu/jobs/assistant-professor-energy-petroleum-engineering-tenure-track-grand-forks-north-dakota-united-states?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟
- **Location**: University of North Dakota (R2) at Grand Forks, ND
- **Date**: TBD
- **Description**: We seek a dynamic and innovative educator and researcher passionate about energy and petroleum engineering with a strong commitment to advancing both teaching and research excellence.
---
**[Tenure-Track Assistant or Associate Professor in the Department of Electrical Engineering/Applied Research Lab](https://www.higheredjobs.com/faculty/details.cfm?JobCode=179043858&utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟🌟
- **Location**: Penn State (R1) at Pennsylvania
- **Date**: TBD
- **Description**: The Department of Electrical Engineering invites applications for a tenure-line faculty position in Electromagnetics with emphasis on High Power Microwaves and Optics.
---
**[Open Rank Tenured/Tenure Track](https://www.higheredjobs.com/faculty/details.cfm?JobCode=178947945&utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟🌟🌟
- **Location**: North Carolina State University (R1) at Raleigh, NC
- **Date**: TBD
- **Description**: There is potential for hiring in other areas such as supply chain engineering, human systems, sustainability, and emerging fields within ISE, with rank determined by the candidate's experience and qualifications.
---
**[Open Rank Professor (Tenure Track)](https://jobs.chronicle.com/job/37713302/open-rank-professor-tenure-track-/?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟🌟🌟
- **Location**: University of Wisconsin-Madison (R1) at Madison, WI
- **Date**: TBD
- **Description**: The Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering seeks applicants at all ranks with a distinguished academic record and exceptional potential for creative research that applies chemical engineering methodologies to solve sustainability problems.
---
**[CoE - Advance Materials Faculty Positions - All Ranks](https://careers.miami.edu/us/en/job/R100062551/CoE-Advance-Materials-Faculty-Positions-All-Ranks?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟🌟🌟
- **Location**: University of Miami (R1) at Coral Gables, FL
- **Date**: TBD
- **Description**: The College of Engineering at the University of Miami invites nominations and applications for multiple open-rank tenured/tenure-track faculty positions (at all levels) in the area of Advanced Materials.
---
**[Assistant, Associate, or Full Professor](https://careers.k-state.edu/jobs/assistant-associate-or-full-professor-manhattan-kansas-united-states?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟
- **Location**: Kansas State University (R1) at Manhattan, KS
- **Date**: nan
- **Description**: Seeking candidates for an open rank tenure-track faculty position as part of the biomanufacturing initiative.
---
**[Electrical and Computer Engineering - Professor - 524828](https://careers.ua.edu/jobs/electrical-and-computer-engineering-professor-524828-tuscaloosa-alabama-united-states?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟
- **Location**: The University of Alabama (R1) at Tuscaloosa, AL
- **Date**: nan
- **Description**: Multiple tenure-track positions at the rank of Professor are available, with particular interest in computer engineering, power and energy systems, or radar signal processing.
---
**[Assistant/Associate Professor - Engineering Technology](https://www.higheredjobs.com/faculty/details.cfm?JobCode=179082988&utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟🌟
- **Location**: Miami University (R2) at Hamilton, OH
- **Date**: nan
- **Description**: Tenure-Track Assistant/Associate Professor position in Mechanical Engineering Technology with an emphasis on Advanced Manufacturing and Industrial Systems.
---
**[Open Rank Tenured/Tenure-Track Faculty, Mechanical & Aerospace Engineering](https://www.higheredjobs.com/faculty/details.cfm?JobCode=178933057&utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟🌟
- **Location**: Oklahoma State University (R1) at Stillwater, OK
- **Date**: nan
- **Description**: Multiple tenured and tenure-track faculty positions are available in emerging areas of mechanical and aerospace engineering, including advanced manufacturing, aerospace materials and structures.
---
**[Assistant/Associate Professor](https://careers.k-state.edu/jobs/assistant-associate-professor-manhattan-kansas-united-states-eb63f4db-7cc4-4640-9c1b-e319ab926780?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟🌟🌟
- **Location**: Kansas State University (R1) at Manhattan, KS
- **Date**: nan
- **Description**: Seeking individuals with a background in nuclear materials for a tenure-track faculty position, including expertise in state-of-the art computational modeling and materials characterization methods.
---
**[F0070 - Tenure Track Associate Professor or Professor in Optical Engineering](https://jobs.chronicle.com/job/37790813/f0070-tenure-track-associate-professor-or-professor-in-optical-engineering/?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟🌟🌟
- **Location**: Norfolk State University (R2) at Norfolk, VA
- **Date**: nan
- **Description**: Tenure-track faculty position in Optical Engineering at the Associate or Full Professor level, with a demonstrated publication related to optics, photonics, quantum devices, or nanoscience.
---
**[Assistant/Associate/Full Professor - Mechanical & Aerospace Engineering](https://www.higheredjobs.com/faculty/details.cfm?JobCode=178925144&utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟🌟
- **Location**: University of Florida (R1) at Gainesville, FL
- **Date**: nan
- **Description**: Multiple full-time, nine-month tenure-track faculty positions are available in Mechanical & Aerospace Engineering, with special interest in energy related fields and structures (AI and soft material applications).
---
**[Electrical and Computer Engineering - Assistant Professor - 524826](https://careers.ua.edu/jobs/electrical-and-computer-engineering-assistant-professor-524826-tuscaloosa-alabama-united-states?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟
- **Location**: The University of Alabama (R1) at Tuscaloosa, AL
- **Date**: nan
- **Description**: Multiple tenure-track positions at the rank of Assistant Professor are available, with particular interest in computer engineering, power and energy systems, or radar signal processing.
---
**[Open Rank, Ntt Or Tt Professor- College Of Engineering And Computing #00092183](https://www.higheredjobs.com/details.cfm?JobCode=178905943&utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&utm_source=google_jobs_apply&utm_medium=organic)** 🌟🌟🌟
- **Location**: Missouri University of Science and Technology (R2) at Rolla, MO
- **Date**: nan
- **Description**: Open-rank faculty position (tenured, tenure-track, or non-tenure track) in the field of semiconductor engineering, with hands-on experience in semiconductor fabrication.
---
